"We have 4-month-old mice that are now non-diabetic, which were previously diabetic," he added.
Dr. Ehud Ur, professor of medicine at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia, and chairman of the clinical and scientific division of the Canadian Diabetes Association, warned that the research is still at an early stage.
In common with other experts, he is skeptical about whether diabetics can be cured, as these findings have no relevance to people who already have type 1 diabetes.
On Monday, Sara Danius, permanent secretary of the Nobel Committee for Literature at the Swedish Academy, made a public announcement during a radio program on Sveriges Radio in Sweden that the committee, which had not been able to make direct contact with Bob Dylan after he won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 2016, had given up the attempt to get in touch with him.
Danius said, “Right now, we are doing nothing. I have called and sent emails to his closest collaborators and have received very friendly responses. This is absolutely enough for now.
Previously, Jamie Siminoff, the CEO of Ring, stated that the company was established when his doorbell could not be heard from his workshop in his garage.
He built a WIFI doorbell, he said.
Siminoff said that sales increased after he appeared on an episode of Shark Tank in 2013, where the panel of the show declined to finance the startup.
Late in 2017, Siminoff appeared on the television shopping channel QVC.
Ring also settled a lawsuit with the competing security company ADT Corporation.
While an experimental vaccine seems to be capable of reducing the death toll from Ebola, there are no medicines that have so far proven suitable for treating existing infections.
An antibody cocktail, ZMapp, initially appeared promising in the field, but formal studies indicated that it was less advantageous than thought for preventing death.
In the PALM study, ZMapp served as a control, meaning that researchers used it as a baseline and compared the three other treatments against it.
USA Gymnastics supports the USA Olympic Committee's letter and acknowledges the absolute necessity for the Olympic family to promote a safe environment for all our athletes.
We agree with the USOC's statement that our athletes, clubs, and their sports' interests may possibly benefit more from making meaningful changes within the organization than from decertification.
USA Gymnastics supports an independent investigation that can shed light on how an abuse of this magnitude, so bravely described by the survivors of Larry Nassar, could go undetected for so long and embraces all necessary and appropriate changes.
USA Gymnastics and the USOC have the same goal — to make gymnastics, and other sports, as safe as possible so that athletes can pursue their dreams in a safe, positive, and justified environment.
Throughout the 1960s, Brzezinski worked for John F. Kennedy as his advisor, and later for the Lyndon B. Johnson administration.
During the election in 1976, he was an advisor to Carter on foreign policy matters and later served as the National Security Advisor (NSA) from 1977 to 1981, succeeding Henry Kissinger.
As NSA, he assisted Carter in the diplomatic handling of global issues such as the Camp David Accords, 1978; the normalization of USA-China relations through the late 1970s; the Iranian revolution, which led to the Iranian hostage crisis, 1979; and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan, 1979.
The movie with Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone received nominations in all the major categories.
Gosling and Stone received nominations for best male and respective female actor.
The other nominations included Best Picture, Cinematography, Costume Design, Editing, Original Music, Production Design, Sound Editing, Sound Mixing, and Original Screenplay.
Two songs from the film, Audition (The Fools Who Dream) and City of Stars, received nominations for best original song. Lionsgate studio received 26 nominations — more than any other studio.
Late on Sunday, President Donald Trump announced in a statement delivered through the press secretary that American troops will leave Syria.
The announcement was made after a phone call Trump had with the Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
Turkey also wanted to take over the responsibility of guarding ISIS fighters who, as stated in the announcement, European nations have refused to repatriate.
This confirmed not only that at least some dinosaurs had feathers, an already widespread theory, but also provided details that fossils generally cannot, such as colors and three-dimensional arrangements.
Researchers say that this animal's plumage was chestnut brown on the upper parts with a pale or carotenoid-colored underside.
The finding also provides insight into the evolution of feathers when it comes to birds.
Since the dinosaur feathers do not have a well-developed shaft, called a rachis, but had other characteristics of feathers — barbs and barbules — the researchers assumed that the rachis was most likely a later evolutionary development than these other characteristics.
The structure of the feathers suggested that they were not used for flying, but rather for temperature regulation or display. The researchers implied that even though this is the tail of a young dinosaur, the samples show an adult plumage and not the down of a chick.
The researchers suggested that even though this is the tail of a young dinosaur, the samples show adult plumage and not down from a bird chick.
A car bomb that detonated at the police headquarters in Gaziantep, Turkey, on the morning of yesterday, killed two police officers and injured more than 20 other people.
The governor's office stated that nineteen of the injured were police officers.
The police said they suspect an alleged Daesh (ISIL) militant to be responsible for the attack.
They found that the sun operated on the same basic principles as other stars: It was discovered that the activity of all the stars in the system was driven by their luminosity, rotation, and nothing else.
The luminosity and rotation are used to determine a star's Rossby number, which is related to plasma flow.
The smaller the Rossby number, the less active the star is when it comes to magnetic reversal.
During his trip, Iwasaki encountered problems on several occasions.
He was robbed by pirates, attacked in Tibet by a rabid dog, escaped from a marriage in Nepal, and was arrested in India.
The 802.11n standard operates on both 2.4GHz and 5.0GHz frequencies.
This will allow it to be backward compatible with 802.11a, 802.11b, and 802.11g, provided that the base station has a dual radio.
The speed of 802.11n is significantly faster than that of its predecessors, with a theoretical maximum throughput of 600 Mbit/s.
Duvall, who is married with two adult children, did not make a remarkable impression on Miller, whom the story was related to.
When asked for a comment, Miller said, "Mike talked a lot during the hearing... I was in the process of getting ready so I actually didn't hear what he said."
“We aim to cut carbon dioxide emissions per unit of GDP by a noticeable margin by 2020 from the 2005 level,” said Hu.
He did not set any numbers for the cuts, but said they would be assessed based on China's economic benefit.
She encouraged developing countries "to avoid the old norm of polluting first and cleaning up later."
"They shall, however, not be asked to take on obligations that exceed their stage of development, responsibility, and abilities."
The Iranian study group presented their report at 12:00 GMT today.
It warns that no one can guarantee that any series of events will stop the sectarian war in Iraq, increasing violence, or a path towards chaos.
The report opens with a call for an open debate and the formation of a consensus in the USA about their policy toward the Middle East.
The report is very critical of almost every aspect of the current policy of the executive towards Iraq and calls for an immediate change of direction.
The first of the 78 recommendations is that a new diplomatic initiative should be taken before the end of this year to secure Iraq's borders against hostile incursions and to re-establish diplomatic relations with their neighbors.
The current senator and Argentina's First Lady, Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, announced her presidential candidacy last night in La Plata, a city 50 kilometers away from Buenos Aires.
Kirchner announced her intention to run for president at the Argentine theater, the same place she used to start her campaign for the Senate as a member of the delegation in the province of Buenos Aires in 2005.
The debate was triggered as a result of a dispute over the spending on emergency aid and reconstruction, following Hurricane Katrina; which some fiscally conservative individuals comically called "Bush's New Orleans deal."
Liberal criticism of the reconstruction efforts has been directed at the profits the reconstruction contracts have given to the individuals inside Washington.
Over four million went to Rome to take part in the funeral.
The number of people present was so large that it was not possible for everyone to gain access to the funeral at St. Peter's Square.
Several large television screens were installed at various points in Rome so that people could watch the ceremony.
In several other countries in Italy and the rest of the world, especially in Poland, similar installations were made, which were seen by a large crowd.
Historians have criticized the United States' federal police and security agency for its previous guidelines focusing resources on cases that were easy to solve, especially cases involving stolen cars, with the intention of increasing the agency's success rate.
The Congress initiated the funding of the indecency initiative in the fiscal year of 2005 and specified that the US federal police and security agency must allocate 10 agents to adult pornography.
Robin Uthappa scored highest in the innings, 70 runs on just 41 balls by hitting 11 fours and 2 sixes.
The middle-order batsmen, Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, performed well and made a hundred-run partnership.
But after losing the captain’s wicket, India made only 36 runs and lost 7 wickets to end the innings.
U.S. President George W. Bush arrived in Singapore on the morning of November 16 and embarked on a week-long trip in Asia.
He was met by Singapore's Deputy Prime Minister Wong Kan Seng and discussed issues related to trade and terrorism with Singapore's Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong.
After a week of losses in the midterm election, Bush talked about the expansion of trade in Asia, to an audience.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper has agreed to send the government's 'clean air act' to all parties in the committee for review, before the second reading, following Tuesday's 25-minute-long meeting with the national democratic party leader Jack Layton at the Prime Minister's office.
Layton has requested changes to the Conservatives' environmental bill during a meeting with the Prime Minister, where he desires a thorough and complete rewriting of the Conservative Party's environmental bill.
Ever since the federal government stepped in to take over the funding of the Mersey Hospital in Devonport, Tasmania, the state government and some members of parliament have criticized this action as a stunt in the lead-up to the federal election that will take place by November.
But Prime Minister John Howard has said that this action was only to protect the hospital facilities from being downgraded by the Tasmanian government, by giving them an additional AUD$45 million.
According to the latest bulletin, sea level measurements have indicated that a tsunami was generated. There was a clear tsunami activity that was recorded near Pago Pago and Niue.
No major material or human damages have been reported in Tonga, but a temporary power outage occurred, which according to reports, prevented the authorities in Tonga from receiving the tsunami warning that was sent out from the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center.
Fourteen schools in Hawaii, which are located near the coastline, were closed all day Wednesday despite the warnings being lifted.
U.S. President George W. Bush welcomed the announcement.
Bush's spokesman Gordon Johndroe called North Korea's promise "a big step towards the goal of achieving a verifiable disarmament of the Korean peninsula."
The tenth named storm of the Atlantic hurricane season, Subtropical Storm Jerry, formed in the Atlantic today.
The National Hurricane Center (NHC) says that Jerry at this time does not pose any threat to land areas.
The US Army Corps of Engineers estimated that 6 inches of rain could cause the already damaged levees to overflow.
Beside oysters, they are also a recognized filter feeder in the harbor basins. The population of the harbor oysters has suffered a great decline from disease over the past two centuries.
Water runs over the edge of the embankment in a section that is 100 feet wide.
Commons administrator Adam Cuerden expressed his frustration over the deletion when he spoke with Wikinews last month.
"He [Wales] lied to us from the beginning. First, by pretending that this was for legal reasons. Then, by pretending that he listened to us, all the way up to the deletion of his art."
The irritation of the community led to ongoing efforts to draft a guideline regarding sexual content on the site, which hosts millions of media with open licenses.
The work that was done was mostly theoretical, but the program was written to simulate observations made of the Sagittarius galaxy.
The effect the team was looking for would have been a result of tidal power between the galaxy and the Milky Way's dark matter.
In the same way that the moon exerts a gravitational force on the earth that causes tides, the Milky Way exerts a gravitational force on the Sagittarius galaxy.
The researchers were able to conclude that dark matter affected other dark matter in the same way that ordinary matter does.
This theory states that most of the dark matter around a galaxy is located around the galaxy in a kind of halo, and is made up of many small particles.
Television reports show that white smoke is coming from the factory.
Local authorities warn residents near the power plant to stay indoors, turn off all air conditioning, and not drink tap water.
According to Japan's nuclear agency, cesium and iodine have been identified at the plant.
Authorities speculate whether this indicates that the uranium containers at the site have ruptured and are leaking.
Dr. Tony Moll discovered the extremely drug-resistant tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in the South African region of KwaZulu-Natal.
He said in an interview that the new variant was "extremely disturbing and alarming because of the high death rate."
Dr. Moll believes that some patients may have been infected by the virus at the hospital, and that at least two were healthcare personnel at the hospital.
Over the course of a year, an infected person can infect 10 to 15 close contacts.
Nevertheless, the percentage of XDR-TB in the entire group of people with tuberculosis still seems low; 6,000 of the total 330,000 people infected at any given time in South Africa.
The satellites, both of which weighed more than 454 kilograms and had a speed of around 28,000 kilometers per hour, collided 790 kilometers above the Earth.
Researchers say the collision led to a massive explosion.
They are still trying to determine how extensive the collision was, and what consequences this will have for the Earth.
USSTRATCOM, the strategic command service in the United States Department of Defense, tracks space debris.
The result of the plotting analysis will eventually be published on a public website.
A doctor who worked at the children's hospital in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, will be charged with aggravated murder after her mother was found dead in the trunk of her car on Wednesday, authorities in Ohio say.
Dr. Malar Balasubramanian, 29, was found in Blue Ash, Ohio, a suburb about 90 miles north of Cincinnati, lying on the ground beside the road in a T-shirt and underwear in an apparently affected state.
She led officers to her black Oldsmobile Intrigue that was 500 meters away.
There they found the body of Saroja Balasubramanian, 53, covered by a blood-stained blanket.
The police said that the body appeared to have been there for about a day.
The first case of the disease this season was reported at the end of July.
The disease was carried by pigs and then migrated to humans through mosquitoes.
The outbreak has prompted the Indian government to initiate measures such as deploying pig trappers in particularly affected areas, distributing thousands of mosquito nets, and spraying insecticides.
Several million vials of the encephalitis vaccine have also been promised by the government, which will help prepare health agencies for next year.
Plans to deliver vaccines to the historically most affected areas this year were delayed due to a lack of funding and low prioritization in accordance with other diseases.
In 1956, Slania moved to Sweden, where three years later he began working for the Swedish post office and became their foremost engraver.
He produced more than 1,000 stamps for Sweden and 28 other countries.
His work is of such a recognizable quality that he is one of the very few well-known names among philatelists. Some specialize in collecting only his works.
His 1,000th stamp was the amazing “Famous Deeds of Swedish Kings” by David Klöcker Ehrenstrahl in 2000, which is listed in the Guinness Book of Records.
He was also engaged in engraving banknotes for many countries, recent examples of his work include the prime minister's portrait on the front of the new $5 and $100 banknotes.
After the accident occurred, Gibson was transported to a hospital but died there shortly afterward.
The 64-year-old truck driver was not injured in the collision.
The vehicle itself was removed from the accident site around 1200 GMT the same day.
A person who worked in the garage near the accident site said: "There were children standing and waiting to cross the road, all screaming and crying."
They all ran back from where the accident had happened.
Other items on the agenda in Bali include saving the world's remaining forests, and sharing technologies to help developing countries grow in a less polluting manner.
The UN also hopes to complete a financing to help countries affected by global warming to manage the impacts.
The money can be used to secure houses against flooding, improve water supply, and further develop crops.
Fluke wrote that the measures some took to try to stop women from speaking out about women's health were not successful.
She came to this conclusion as a result of several positive comments and encouragements she received from both female and male individuals who urged that contraceptives should be considered a medical necessity.
When the violence ceased after the injured were taken to the hospital, about 40 remaining prisoners stood in the prison yard and refused to return to their cells.
negotiators tried to rectify the situation, but the prisoners' demands were not clear.
Between 10:00-11:00 in the afternoon MDT, a fire was started by the prisoners in the prison yard.
Soon, officers in riot gear entered the prison yard and surrounded the prisoners with tear gas.
The firefighters finally managed to extinguish the fire by 11:35 in the afternoon.
After the dam was built in 1963, the seasonal floods that would spread sediment in the river would be stopped.
This sediment was necessary to create sand dunes and beaches that served as habitats for wildlife.
As a result, two fish species have become extinct, and two others have become endangered, including the pink salmon.
Even though the water level will only rise by a couple of feet after the flood, officials hope that this will be enough to restore the eroded sand dunes downstream.
No tsunami warning has been issued, and according to the geophysics agency in Jakarta, no tsunami warning will be issued as the earthquake did not meet the requirement of a magnitude of 6.5.
Despite there being no danger of a tsunami, the population began to panic and left businesses and homes.
Even though Winfrey was tearful in her farewell, she made it clear to her fans that she will return.
This is not a goodbye. This is the end of a chapter and the beginning of a new one.
The latest results from Namibia's presidential and parliamentary elections have indicated that the incoming president, Hifikepunye Pohamba, has been re-elected by a large margin.
The ruling party, South West Africa's People’s Organisation (SWAPO), also achieved a majority in the parliamentary election.
Coalition and Afghan troops moved into the area to secure the situation, and other coalition aircraft had been dispatched to assist.
The crash occurred high up in mountainous terrain, and it is believed to have been the result of hostile fire.
Efforts to search for the crash site are being met with harsh weather and difficult terrain.
The medical charity Mangola, Doctors Without Borders, and the World Health Organization say it is the worst outbreak that has been recorded in the country.
Spokesman for Doctors Without Borders, Richard Veerman, said: "Angola is heading towards the worst outbreak ever and the situation remains very bad in Angola."
The match started at 10:00 in beautiful weather, and apart from a little drizzle in the morning, which quickly dried up, it was a perfect day for seven-a-side rugby.
South Africa, which was top-ranked in the tournament, got off to a good start with a comfortable 26-0 victory against Zambia, which was ranked number 5.
They looked relatively rusty in the match compared to the sisters from the south, but South Africa consistently impressed throughout the tournament.
With a disciplined defense, ball insight, and fantastic teamwork, they clearly stood out, and it was evident that this was the team to beat.
Officials from the city of Amsterdam and the Anne Frank Museum say that the tree is infected with fungus and poses a public health risk as they claim it is in immediate danger of falling down.
It was planned to cut down the tree on Tuesday, but it was saved after an emergency court ruling.
All the entrances to the cave, which was named "The Seven Sisters," are at least 100 to 250 meters (328 to 820 feet) in diameter.
Infrared images show that the temperature variations between night and day indicate that they are most likely caves.
They are colder than the surface around during the day and warmer at night.
"Their thermal behavior is not as even as large holes on Earth that often maintain a relatively stable temperature, but this is consistent with these being deep holes in the ground," said Glen Cushing from the US Geological Survey (USGS) Astrogeology team from Northern Arizona University located in Flagstaff, Arizona.
In France, voting has traditionally been a low-tech experience: voters isolate themselves in a booth and place a pre-printed paper slip indicating their choice of candidate in an envelope.
After the officials verify the voter's identity, the voter places the envelope in the ballot box and signs the voting form.
The French election law codifies the treatment relatively strictly.
Since 1988, ballot boxes have been required to be transparent so that voters and observers can see that there are no envelopes at the beginning of the voting procedure and that no envelopes are added except those from carefully counted and authorized voters.
Candidates may send representatives to monitor every part of the process. In the evening, the votes are counted by volunteers under careful observation and by following specific procedures.
ASUS Eee PCs were launched worldwide earlier to save costs and improve functionality, and it became a hot topic during Taipei's IT month in 2007.
But the consumer market for portable computers will become radically varied and changed after ASUS in 2007 was awarded Taiwan's sustainability prize by China's Executive Yuan.
The radio station's website describes the program as "old-fashioned radio theater with a new, and shockingly nerdy twist!"
In its early days, the program was only shared on the online radio site TogiNet Radio, a site that focused on talk radio and has existed for a long time.
Late in 2015, TogiNet AstroNet Radio established itself as a subchannel.
The program originally consisted of amateur voice actors, local to East Texas.
Widespread looting continued throughout the night according to reports, as police officers were not present in the streets of Bishkek.
Bishkek was described as sinking into a state of "anarchy" by an observer, while gangs of people roamed the streets and looted shops of consumer goods.
Several Bishkek residents blamed the demonstrators from the south for the disorder.
South Africa has beaten the All Blacks (New Zealand) in a rugby union Tri Nations match at the Royal Bafokeng Stadium in Rustenburg, South Africa.
The final result was a one-point victory, 21 to 20, which ended the All Blacks' 15-match winning streak.
For the Springboks, it put an end to a five-match losing streak.
It was the last match for the All Blacks, who had already won the trophy two weeks ago.
The final match of the series will take place at Ellis Park in Johannesburg next week, when the Springboks play against Australia.
A moderate earthquake shook western Montana at 10:08 Monday evening.
The United States Geological Survey (USGS) and their National Earthquake Information Center have not received any immediate report of damage.
The earthquake was located about 20 km (15 miles) northeast of Dillon, and about 65 km (40 miles) south of Butte.
The variation of bird flu that is deadly to humans, H5N1, has been confirmed to have infected a dead wild duck, found on Monday in marshland near Lyon, eastern France.
France is the seventh country in the European Union to suffer from this virus; following Austria, Germany, Slovenia, Bulgaria, Greece, and Italy.
Suspected cases of H5N1 in Croatia and Denmark have not yet been confirmed.
Chambers had sued God for "widespread death, destruction, and terrorization of millions of Earth’s inhabitants."
Chambers, an agnostic, argues that his lawsuit is "frivolous" and that anyone can sue anyone.
The story presented in the French opera, by Camille Saint-Saëns, is about an artist "who lives a life driven by a love for intoxicants and Japan."
As a result, the artists smoked cannabis joints on stage, and the theater encouraged the audience to participate.
Former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich, Governor of Texas Rick Perry, and Congresswoman Michele Bachmann ended up in fourth, fifth, and sixth place.
After the results came in, Gingrich praised Santorum, but had harsh words for Romney, who had been the cause of the negative advertising campaigns being sent out against Gingrich in Iowa.
Perre said that he would "return to Texas to assess the results of tonight's nomination meeting, decide if there is a place for me in this race," but later said that he would remain in the race and compete in South Carolina's primary on January 21st.
Bachmann, who won the Ames straw poll in August, decided to end her campaign.
The photographer was transported to the Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center, where he later died.
He was likely in his 20s. In a statement, Bieber said, "Even though I was not present or directly involved in this tragic accident, my thoughts and prayers go out to the victim's family."
The entertainment news website TMZ reports that the photographer stopped his vehicle on the other side of Sepulveda Boulevard and attempted to take pictures of the police stop before crossing the road and continuing, which led to officers from the California Highway Patrol, who were leading the traffic stop, ordering him back across the road twice.
According to the police, the driver who hit the photographer will probably not be prosecuted.
With eighteen medals available a day, a number of countries have failed to make it to the medal podium.
They include the Netherlands, with Anna Jochemsen who finished ninth in the women's standing class of Super-G yesterday, and Finland with Katja Saarinen who finished tenth in the same event.
Australia's Mitchell Gourley finished in eleventh place in men's standing Super-G. The Czech competitor Oldrich Jelinek finished in sixteenth place in men's sitting Super-G.
Arly Velasquez from Mexico finished in fifteenth place in the men's sitting Super-G. New Zealand's Adam Hall finished in ninth place in the men's standing Super-G.
Poland's male visually impaired skier, Maciej Krezel and guide Anna Ogarzynska finished in thirteenth place in the Super-G. South Korea's Jong Seork finished in twenty-fourth place in the men's sitting Super-G.
The UN peacekeeping forces that came to Haiti after the earthquake in 2010 are accused of having spread the disease, which started near the forces' camp area.
According to the lawsuit, sanitary waste from the UN camp was not handled properly, allowing bacteria to spread to the tributary of the Artibonite, one of Haiti's largest rivers.
Before the forces arrived, Haiti had not had problems with the disease since the 19th century.
The Institute for Justice and Democracy in Haiti refers to independent investigations that suggest a Nepalese contingent from the peacekeeping forces brought the disease with them to Haiti without their knowledge.
Danielle Lantagne, a cholera expert at the UN, stated that the outbreak was likely caused by the peacekeeping forces.
Hamilton confirmed that Howard University Hospital has acknowledged that the patient is in stable condition.
The patient had been in Nigeria, where some cases of the Ebola virus have been registered.
The hospital has followed the procedure for infection control, including isolating the patient from others to prevent possible spread.
Before The Simpsons, Simon had previously worked on several different programs in a variety of positions.
Throughout the 1980s, he worked on programs such as Taxi, Cheers, and The Tracey Ullman Show.
In 1989, he helped create The Simpsons, together with Brooks and Groening, and was responsible for hiring the program's first writers.
Despite having left the program in 1993, he retained the title of head producer and continued to receive tens of millions of dollars every single season in royalties.
The Chinese news agency Xinhua earlier reported that a plane had been hijacked.
Later reports stated that the plane had received a bomb threat and returned to Afghanistan, landing in Kandahar.
The earliest reports said that the plane turned back to Afghanistan after being denied an emergency landing in Ürümqi.
Air accidents are common in Iran, which has an older fleet that has been poorly maintained, both for civilian and military operations.
International sanctions have meant that new planes cannot be purchased.
Earlier this week, a police helicopter crashed, killing three and injuring three people.
Last month, Iran experienced its worst air disaster in several years when a passenger plane headed for America crashed and killed the 168 people on board.
The same month, another passenger airplane veered off the runway at Mashhad and hit a wall, killing seventeen people.
Aerosmith has canceled the remaining concerts of their tour.
The rock band was going to tour the USA and Canada until September 16.
They have canceled the tour after their lead vocalist Steven Tyler got injured after he fell off the stage during a performance on August 5.
Murray lost the first set in a tiebreak after both men won all their serves in the set.
Del Porto had an early advantage in the second set, but this also led to a tie after reaching 6-6.
At this point, Porto was treated for his ankle but managed to return to the match.
The program started at 8:30 in the afternoon, local time (15.00 UTC).
Famous singers across the country performed bhajans or hymns for Shri Shyam's feet.
The singer Sanju Sharma started the evening, followed by Jai Shankar Choudhary. Chhappan bhog bhajan was also presented. The singer Raju Khandelwal accompanied him.
So Lakkha took the lead in singing bhajans.
108 vats of Chhappan Bhog (in Hinduism, 56 different edible items like sweets, fruits, nuts, dishes, etc. offered to the deity) were served to Baba Shyam.
Lakkha Singh also performed the chhappan bhog bhajan, together with the singer Raju Khandelwal.
At Thursday's main presentation of the Tokyo game show, Nintendo's president Satoru Iwata revealed the console design for the company's new Nintendo Revolution console.
Just like with a television remote control, the console uses two sensors near the user's television to triangulate its position in three-dimensional space.
This will make it possible for players to control actions and movement in the video game by moving through the air.
Giancarlo Fisichella lost control of his car and ended the race very quickly after the start.
His teammate Fernando Alonso led most of the race but retired right after a pit stop, most likely due to a poorly fitted right front wheel.
Michael Schumacher ended his race not long after Alonso, due to damage to the suspension, after the many battles throughout the race.
"She is very sweet and sings quite well too," he said according to a transcript from the news conference.
I was moved every time we practiced this, from the bottom of my heart.
About 3 minutes into the launch, an onboard camera showed that many pieces of insulation foam broke away from the fuel tank.
Nevertheless, it is not meant to have led to any damage to the spacecraft.
The chief of the space program at the National Flight Technical and Space Agency, N. Wayne Hale Jr., said that the foam had fallen "after the time period we were concerned about."
Five minutes into the event, a wind began to roll in, about a minute later the wind was on its way to reaching 70km/h... then came the rain, but so terrible and heavy that it hit the skin like needles, then came hail from the sky, people panicked and screamed as they ran over each other.
I lost my sister and her friend, and on the way there, there were two handicapped people in wheelchairs, people jumped over and pushed them," said Armand Versace.
NHK also reported that the Kashiwazaki Kariwa nuclear power plant in Niigata Prefecture was operating as normal.
The power company Hokuriku reported no effects from the earthquake and that reactors 1 and 2 at the Shika nuclear power plant were shut down.
It is reported that around 9,400 homes in the region are without water and around 100 are without electricity.
Some roads have been damaged, railway service has been disrupted in the affected areas, and Noto Airport in Ishikawa Prefecture remains closed.
A bomb went off outside the governor-general's office.
Three more bombs went off near government buildings in a period of two hours.
Some reports put the official death toll at eight, and official reports confirmed that up to 30 were injured; but final figures are not yet known.
Both cyanuric acid and melamine were found in urine samples from animals that had died after consuming contaminated pet food.
Researchers at the university said that the two compounds react with each other to form crystals that can block kidney function.
The researchers observed that crystals were formed in cat urine by adding melamine and cyanuric acid.
The composition of these crystals matches those found in the urine of affected animals when compared with infrared spectroscopy.
I am not sure if you know this, but most goods from Central America came to this country duty-free.
Nevertheless, eighty percent of our goods were taxed through tariffs in Central American countries. We handle them.
It made no sense to me; it was absolutely not fair.
All I say to people is that we treat them the way they treat us.
The governor of California, Arnold Schwarzenegger, signed a bill that prohibits the sale and rental of violent video games to minors.
The law requires that violent video games sold in the state of California be labeled with a sticker that says "18," and makes the sale to minors punishable with a fine of $1000 per instance.
The Director of Public Prosecutions, Kier Starmer QC, made a statement announcing the prosecution of both Huhne and Pryce.
Huhne has resigned and will be replaced in the cabinet by the Member of Parliament Ed Davey. The Member of Parliament Norman Lamb is expected to take over the business minister job after Davey.
According to the plan, Huhne and Pryce are to appear at the Westminster Magistrates' Court on February 16.
The deceased were 25-year-old Nicholas Alden and 21-year-old Zachary Cuddeback, the latter had been the driver.
Edgar Veguilla sustained injuries to his arm and jaw, while Kristoffer Schneider had to undergo surgery for facial reconstruction.
The weapon misfired as it was aimed at a fifth man's head. Schneider suffers from ongoing pain, is blind in one eye, missing parts of the skull, and has a face that has been reconstructed with titanium.
Schneider testified via a video link from the US Air Force base in his home country.
After Wednesday's event, Carpanedo has competed in two individual races in the championships.
Her first was slalom where she received a 'did not finish' in her first run. 36 out of 116 competitors had the same result in that race.
In her second race, giant slalom, she finished tenth in the women's sitting category with a combined time of 4:41.30, 2:11.60 minutes slower than the winner Claudia Loesch from Austria, and 1:09.02 minutes slower than the ninth place Gyöngyi Dani from Hungary.
Four skiers in the women's sitting group failed to complete their run, and 45 of the 117 total skiers in the giant slalom failed to rank in the race.
The Madhya Pradesh police found the stolen laptop and mobile phone.
Assistant Police Inspector General D K Arya said, "We have arrested five persons who raped the Swiss woman and have found her laptop and mobile phone."
The accused are named Baba Kanjar, Bhutha Kanjar, Rampro Kanjar, Gaza Kanjar, and Vishnu Kanjar.
Chief inspector of police Chandra Shekhar Solanki has stated that the accused had appeared in court with their faces covered.
Even though three people were inside the house when the car hit it, none of them were injured.
The driver in the car nevertheless sustained serious head injuries.
The road where the crash happened was temporarily closed while emergency services freed the driver from the spacious Audi TT.
He was first admitted to the James Paget Hospital in Great Yarmouth.
Later he was transferred to Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge.
Adekoya has since been charged with killing her son in Edinburgh's sheriff court.
She is in custody awaiting referral and trial, but evidence from eyewitnesses might be manipulated since images of her have been widely published.
This is common practice elsewhere in the UK, but Scotland's legal system works differently and the court has deemed the publication of images as potentially prejudicial.
Professor at the University of Dundee, Pamela Ferguson, said, "Journalists seem to be taking a dangerous direction if they publish pictures and the like of suspects."
The crown prosecutor's office, which has overall responsibility for prosecutions, has indicated to journalists that no further comments will be given at least until the indictment.
According to the leak, the document will refer to the border dispute, which Pakistan wants based on the pre-war borders in the Middle East from 1967.
Other topics covered, according to reports, include the future of the state of Jerusalem, which is sacred to both nations, and the conflict over the Jordan Valley.
Israel demands an ongoing military presence in the valley for ten years after an agreement is signed, while the Palestinian authorities only agree to such a presence for five years.
Shooters in the supplementary pest control pilot project were to be closely monitored by guards while the effect of the pilot project was assessed and supervised.
In a partnership with the National Parks and Wildlife Service and the Sporting Shooters Association of Australia (NSW) Inc, qualified volunteers were recruited for the Sporting Shooters Association's hunting program.
According to the acting director of Park Conservation and Heritage at the National Parks and Wildlife Service, the first four selected shooters for the first shooting operation received comprehensive safety and training instructions.
Martelly swore in a new provisional electoral council (CEP) with nine members yesterday.
This is Martelly's fifth provisional electoral council in four years.
Last month, a presidential commission recommended the previous provisional electoral council's resignation as part of a package of measures to lead the country towards new elections.
The commission was Martelly's response to a widespread anti-regime protest that began in October.
The occasionally violent protest was triggered when elections had not been held, some dating back to 2011.
Approximately 60 cases of iPods overheating have been reported, which has led to a total of six fires and four people experiencing minor burn injuries.
The Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) of Japan said it had been aware of 27 accidents related to the units.
Last week, the Ministry of Trade and Industry announced that Apple had informed them of 34 more cases of overheating, which the company called "non-serious."
The ministry responded by calling Apple's delay of the report "very regrettable."
The earthquake struck the Marianas at 07:19 local time (21:19 GMT on Friday).
According to the agency for crisis management in the Northern Mariana Islands, no damage was reported in the commonwealth.
The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center, also said that there was no sign of a tsunami.
A former policeman from the Philippines took Hong Kong tourists hostage when he hijacked their bus in Manila, the capital of the Philippines.
Rolando Mendoza used an M16 rifle when he shot at the tourists.
Several hostages have been rescued, but it has been confirmed that at least six people have died so far.
Six hostages, the children and the oldest ones, were released early on, as were the Filipino photographers.
The photographers later took the place of an elderly lady who had to go to the toilet. Mendoza was shot.
Liggins followed in his father's footsteps and began a career in medicine.
He trained as an obstetrician and began working at Auckland's National Women's Hospital in 1959.
While he was working at the hospital, Liggins began researching premature birth in his free time.
His research showed that if a hormone was administered, it could accelerate the maturation of the fetus's lungs.
Xinhua reported on Wednesday that government investigators had found the two 'black boxes' with the plane's audio recordings.
Other athletes also celebrated Luna.
Tommy Dreamer said "Luna was the first queen of extreme. My first manager. Luna died on a night with two moons. Quite unique, just like her. Strong woman."
Dustin "Goldust" Runnels commented that "Luna was just as crazy as me... maybe even more... love her and will miss her... hopefully she is in a better place."
Based on a survey of 1,400 people before the federal election in 2010, it emerged that the number of those who are opposed to Australia becoming a republic has increased by 8 percent since 2008.
The interim Prime Minister Julia Gillard claimed during the 2010 campaign for the federal election that she believed Australia should become a republic at the end of Queen Elizabeth II's reign.
34 percent of those who participated in the poll shared this view and wished that Queen Elizabeth would be Australia's last monarch.
At most, 29 percent of those asked believed that Australia should become a republic as soon as possible, while 31 percent believed that Australia should never become a republic.
The Olympic gold medalist was supposed to swim in the 100m and 200m freestyle and in three relays at the Commonwealth Games, but due to his complaints, his form has been called into question.
He has not been able to take the necessary medication to overcome the pain, as they are illegal in the games.
Curtis Cooper, a mathematician and professor of computer science at the University of Central Missouri, discovered the largest known prime number on January 25th.
Several people verified the discovery by using different hardware and software at the beginning of February, and it was announced on Thursday.
Comets may possibly have been a source of water deliveries to Earth, along with organic material that can form proteins and support life.
Researchers hope to understand how planets take shape, especially how the Earth took shape since comets collided with the Earth a long time ago.
Cuomo, 53, began his position as governor earlier this month and signed a law last month that legalizes same-sex marriage.
He referred to the rumors as "political talk and nonsense."
It is speculated that he will run as a presidential candidate in 2016.
NextGen is a system that the American air traffic control claims can allow planes to fly shorter routes, save millions of gallons of fuel each year, and reduce carbon dioxide emissions.
It uses satellite-based technology instead of older ground radar-based technology to allow air traffic controllers to locate aircraft with better precision and provide pilots with more accurate information.
No additional transport services have been implemented, and surface trains will not stop at Wembley; in addition, parking and park and ride facilities are not available on site.
Fear of a lack of transport has hinted at the possibility that the matches will take place behind closed doors without the team's supporters.
A study that was published on Thursday in the journal Science reported on the formation of a new bird species on the Ecuadorian Galápagos Islands.
Researchers from Princeton University in the USA and Uppsala University in Sweden reported that the new bird species developed after just two generations, even though it was believed this process took much longer, as a result of breeding between the endemic Darwin's finch, the medium ground finch, and the immigrant cactus finch, Geospiza conirostris.
Gold can be worked into any formation. It can be rolled into very small shapes.
It can be spun into thin thread that can be twisted and braided. It can be hammered and rolled out into sheets.
It can be made very thin and attached to other metal. It can be made so thin that it can sometimes be used to decorate hand-painted pictures in books called "illuminated manuscripts".
This is called the pH of a chemical. You can make an indicator by using red cabbage juice.
The cabbage juice changes color depending on how acidic or basic the chemical is.
The pH level is indicated by the amount of hydrogen ions (the H in pH) in the tested chemical.
Hydrogen ions are protons that have been stripped of electrons (since a hydrogen atom consists of one proton and one electron).
Mix together the two dry powders and then press them together into a ball with clean wet hands.
The moisture on your hands will react with the outer layers, which will feel strange and form a kind of shell.
The cities Harappa and Mohenjo had a flush toilet in almost every house, which was connected to a sophisticated sewer system.
Remnants from the sewage system have been found in the houses from the Minoan cities of Crete and Santorini in Greece.
Toilets also existed in ancient Egypt, Persia, and China. In Roman civilization, toilets were sometimes part of public bathhouses where men and women were present together.
When you call someone who is thousands of miles away, you use a satellite.
The satellite that is in space receives the signal in order to reflect it back down almost immediately.
The satellite was launched into space by a rocket. Scientists use telescopes in space because the Earth's atmosphere distorts some of the light and our view.
It requires a large rocket that is over 100 feet tall to launch a satellite or a telescope into space.
The wheel has changed the world in incredible ways. The greatest thing the wheel has done for us is to provide us with much easier and faster transportation options.
It has given us the train, the car, and many other means of transport.
Below them, there are medium-sized cats that eat medium-sized prey, ranging from hares to antelope and deer.
Finally, there are many small cats (including stray pet cats) that eat a much more varied selection of small prey such as insects, rodents, lizards, and birds.
The secret to their success is the concept of niche, a special job each cat has that keeps them from competing with others.
Lions are the most social cats and live together in large groups called prides.
Prides are formed of one to three adult male lions, along with as many as thirty lionesses and their young.
The lionesses are usually related to each other and are a large family of sisters and daughters.
Lion prides behave very similarly to a wolf pack or dogs, animals that are surprisingly similar to lions (but not other big cats) in behavior, and also very deadly to their prey.
As a highly flexible athlete, the tiger can climb (albeit not very well), swim, run long distances, and pull with five times the strength of a strong person.
The tiger belongs to the same group (Genus Panthera) as lions, leopards, and jaguars. These four cats are the only ones that roar.
The tiger's roar is not as powerful as the lion's, but more like a sentence of growling, bellowing words.
Ocelots like to eat small animals. They are happy to catch monkeys, snakes, rodents, and birds if they can. Almost all the animals that the ocelot hunts are much smaller than these.
Researchers believe that ocelots track and find animals to eat (prey) by using scent, sniffing out where they have been on the ground.
They have night vision that enables them to see very well at night, and they also move very gracefully. Ocelots hunt by camouflaging themselves in their surroundings while stalking their prey.
When a small group of living organisms (a small population) becomes separated from the main population they came from (for example, if they move over a mountain range or a river, or if they move to a new island so that it is difficult for them to return), they will often find themselves in a different environment than the one they came from.
This new environment has different resources and other competitors, which means that the new population will need other characteristics or adaptations to become a strong competitor, than those they needed before.
The original population has not changed at all, they still need the same adaptations as before.
Over time, the new population has begun to adapt to their new environment, which makes them start to become more and more different from the other population.
Eventually, after thousands or millions of years, the two populations will be so different that they cannot be called the same species.
We call this process speciation, which means the formation of new species. Speciation is an inevitable consequence and a very important part of evolution.
Plants produce the oxygen that humans breathe, and they take in the carbon dioxide that humans exhale (in other words, exhaling).
Plants make their food from the sun through photosynthesis. They also provide shade.
We make our houses from plants and make clothes from plants. Most of the food we eat is plants. Without plants, animals would not have been able to survive.
Mosasaurus was at its time a top predator, so it feared nothing – except other mosasaurs.
The long jaw of the male was surrounded by more than 70 razor-sharp teeth, with an extra set in the palate. In other words, there was no way out for those who crossed the path.
We don't know for sure, but he may have had a forked tongue. The diet included turtles, large fish, other mosasaurs. He may even have been a cannibal.
He attacked everything that ended up in the water – even gigantic dinosaurs, such as the Tyrannosaurus rex, were no match for him.
While most of their food would have been familiar to us, the Romans still had some unusual dishes for their feasts, including wild boar, peacock, snails, and a type of rodent called dormice.
Another difference was that while poor people and women ate their meals sitting, the wealthy men liked to have banquets together while lying on their sides as they ate their meals.
Ancient Roman meals could not have included food that came to Europe or America from Asia in later centuries.
For example, they did not have corn, tomatoes, potatoes, cocoa, and no Romans had ever tasted turkey.
The Babylonians built a primary temple for each of their gods, which was considered their home.
People brought offerings to the gods, and the priests tried to attend to the needs of the gods through ceremonies and festivals.
Each temple had an open courtyard and an inner sanctuary that only priests had access to.
Sometimes special pyramid-shaped towers, called ziggurats, were built as part of the temple.
The top of the tower was a special sanctuary for the god.
In the warm climate of the Middle East, the house was not particularly important.
Most of the life of the Hebrew family took place outdoors.
The women performed the cooking in the courtyard; shops were just open counters facing the street. Stone was used to build the houses.
There were no large forests in the land of Canaan, so wood was extremely expensive.
Greenland was sparsely populated. In the Norse sagas, it is said that Erik the Red was outlawed from Iceland for murder, and when he traveled further west he found Greenland and named it Greenland.
Even though he made this discovery, there were already Eskimo tribes living there at that time.
Even though each of the countries was 'Scandinavian', there were great differences between the people, kings, customs, and the history of Denmark, Sweden, Norway, and Iceland.
If you have seen the movie National Treasure, you might think that a treasure map was drawn on the back of the Declaration of Independence.
This is still not correct. Even though something is written on the back, there is no treasure map.
Written on the back of the Declaration of Independence are the words "original Declaration of Independence dated July 4, 1776". The text is at the bottom of the document, upside down.
While no one can say for certain who wrote it, it is known that the large parchment document (measuring 29¾ inches by 24½ inches) was rolled up for storage early in its lifespan.
It is therefore likely that the notation was simply added as a label.
The D-Day landings and the subsequent battles had freed the northern part of France, but the southern part was still not liberated.
It was controlled by the French Vichy regime. These were French people who had made peace with the Germans in 1940 and collaborated with the invaders instead of fighting against them.
On August 15, 1940, the Allies invaded southern France, and the invasion was called "Operation Dragoon."
In just two weeks, the Americans and independent French forces had liberated the southern part of France and were on their way to Germany.
A civilization is a singular culture shared by a group of people of a significant size who live and work together, a society.
The word civilization comes from the Latin word civilis, which means civil, related to the Latin word civis, which means citizen, and civitas, which means city or city-state, and in a way also defines the size of the society.
City-states are the drivers of nations. A civilized culture insinuates the transmission of knowledge across multiple generations, a lingering cultural imprint, and fair dissemination.
Smaller cultures often disappear without leaving behind relevant historical evidence and fail to become known as proper civilizations.
Throughout the Revolutionary War, the thirteen states first established a weak central government—with Congress as its only component—under the Articles of Confederation.
The Congress lacked any power to impose taxes, and since there was no executive or judiciary, it relied on state authorities, who were often uncooperative, to enforce all its decisions.
It also did not have the authority to override tax law and tariffs between states.
The decisions required unanimous consent from all the states before they could be changed, and the states took the central government so lightly that their representatives were often absent.
Italy's national football team, together with Germany's national football team, are the second most successful football teams in the world, and were FIFA World Cup winners in 2006.
Popular sports include football, basketball, volleyball, water polo, fencing, rugby, cycling, ice hockey, roller hockey, and F1 motor racing.
Winter sports are most popular in the northern regions, with Italians competing in international games and Olympic events.
Japan has nearly 7,000 islands (Honshu is the largest), making Japan the 7th largest island in the world!
As a result of the clusters/groups of islands Japan has, Japan is often referred to, from a geological perspective, as an "archipelago."
The beginnings of Taiwan date all the way back to the 15th century when European sailors who passed by recorded the name as Ilha Formosa, or beautiful island.
In 1624, the Dutch East India Company established a base in southwestern Taiwan, initiating a transformation of the indigenous people's grain production practices and employing Chinese workers to work on their rice and sugar plantations.
In 1683, forces from the Qing Dynasty (1644-1912) took control of Taiwan's western and northern coastal areas, and declared Taiwan a province of the Qing Empire in 1885.
In 1895, following the defeat in the First Sino-Japanese War (1894-1895), the Qing government signed the Treaty of Shimonoseki, which transferred sovereignty over Taiwan to Japan, which governed the country until 1945.
Machu Picchu consists of three main structures, namely the Intihuatana, the Temple of the Sun, and the Room of the Three Windows.
Most of the buildings at the edge of the complex have been reconstructed to give tourists a better idea of how they originally looked.
By 1976, thirty percent of Machu Picchu had been reconstructed, and the rebuilding process continues to this day.
For example, the most common still image format in the world is 35mm, which was the dominant film size at the end of the analog era.
It is still being produced today, but even more important is that its aspect ratio has been inherited by the sensor formats of digital cameras.
The 35mm format is actually, somewhat confusingly, 36mm in width and 24mm in height.
The aspect ratio of this format (divided by twelve to achieve the simplest complete ratio) is therefore 3:2.
Many common formats (the APS family of formats, for example) are similar to, or approximately the same as, this aspect ratio.
The much-criticized and often ridiculed rule that thirds are a simple guideline that creates dynamism while maintaining a measure of order in an image.
It says that the most effective placement for the main subject is at the intersection of the lines that divide the picture into thirds vertically and horizontally (see example).
During this period of European history, the Catholic Church, which had become rich and powerful, came under scrutiny.
For over a thousand years, the Christian religion had bound European states together, despite differences in language and customs.
It had an all-encompassing power that affected everyone from king to common citizen.
One of the most important Christian principles is that wealth should be used to alleviate suffering and poverty, and that the church's funds are there for precisely this purpose.
The central authority of the church had been in Rome for over a thousand years, and this concentration of power and money led many to question whether this principle was being met.
Shortly after the outbreak of hostilities, Britain initiated a naval blockade of Germany.
The strategy proved to be effective as it cut off vital military and civilian supplies, even though this blockade violated generally accepted international laws, codified by several small international agreements over the past two decades.
The United Kingdom laid mines in international waters to prevent all ships from sailing into entire sea areas and inflicted damage on even neutral ships.
Since there was a limited response to this tactic, Germany expected a similar response to its unrestricted submarine warfare.
Throughout the 1920s, the prevailing attitudes of most inhabitants were pacifism and isolation.
After witnessing the hardship and heartlessness of war during the First World War, nations wanted to avoid such a situation in the future.
In 1884, Tesla moved to the USA to take a job at the Edison company in the city of New York.
He came to the USA with 4 cents to his name, a book of poetry, and a letter of recommendation from Charles Batchelor (his former manager in his previous job) to Thomas Edison.
Ancient China had a unique way of showing different time periods; each stage of China and each family that was in power became a distinctive dynasty.
Also between each dynasty there was an unstable era of divided provinces. The best known of these periods was the Three Kingdoms era which lasted for 60 years, between the Han and Jin dynasties.
During these periods, there was fierce warfare among many nobles fighting for the throne.
The Three Kingdoms was one of the bloodiest eras in ancient China's history, thousands of people died as they fought to sit on the highest seat in the great palace in Xi’an.
There are many social and political effects such as the use of the metric system, a shift from absolutism and republicanism, nationalism and the belief that the country belongs to the people and not a single ruler.
After the revolution, positions were also open to all male applicants, which allowed the most ambitious and successful to succeed.
The same applied to the military as rankings were now based on skills instead of class, as they had been before.
The French Revolution also inspired many other people, from oppressed working classes in other countries, to start their own revolutions.
Muhammad was very interested in matters outside his everyday life. He often used a cave that became known as "Hira" on the mountain "Noor" (light) for contemplation.
The cave itself, which survived through time, gives a very vivid picture of Muhammad's spiritual decline.
The mine sits on top of the mountains north of Mecca and is completely isolated from the rest of the world.
She is indeed not easy to find at all, even if one knows that she exists. When one is inside the mine, one is completely isolated.
Nothing can be seen other than a clear, beautiful sky above, and the many mountains surrounding it. Very little of this world can be seen or heard from inside the mine.
The Great Pyramid of Giza is the only one of the seven wonders that still stands today.
The Great Pyramid was built by the Egyptians in the third century before the Common Era and is one of the many pyramid structures that were built to honor the deceased pharaoh.
The Giza Plateau or “Giza Necropolis” in the Egyptian Valley of the Dead contains several pyramids (of which the Great Pyramid is the largest), several smaller tombs, several temples, and the Great Sphinx.
The Great Pyramid was created to honor Pharaoh Khufu, and many of the smaller pyramids, tombs, and temples were built to honor Khufu's wives and family members.
The "up-bow" sign looks like a V and the "down-bow" sign looks like a pin or square is missing on the underside of it.
Up means that you should start at the top and push the bow, and down means that you should start at the frog (which is where your hand holds the bow) and pull the bow.
An up-bow usually makes a softer sound, while a down-bow is stronger and more decisive.
Feel free to make your own marks, but remember that the notations are there for a musical reason, so they should usually be respected.
They terrified King Louis XVI, Queen Marie Antoinette, their two young children (11-year-old Marie Therese and four-year-old Louis-Charles), and the king's sister, Madame Elizabeth, were forced back to Paris from Versailles on October 6, 1789, by a mob of market women.
They returned to Paris in a carriage surrounded by a mob of people who screamed and shouted threats against the king and queen.
The crowd of people forced the king and the queen to have the windows on the carriage completely open.
At one point, a member of the mob held up the head of a royal guard, who was killed in Versailles, in front of the terrified queen.
The war expenses of American imperialism in the conquest of the Philippines were paid for by the Filipino people themselves.
They were forced to pay taxes to the American colonial regime to cover a large part of the expenses, and the interest on bonds flowed in the name of the Philippine government through the Wall Street banking system.
The super profits derived from the long-term exploitation of the Filipino people would naturally constitute the fundamental achievements of American imperialism.
To understand the Knights Templar, one must understand the context that facilitated the formation of the order.
The era when these events took place is commonly referred to as the High Middle Ages, the period in European history in the 11th, 12th, and 13th centuries (A.D. 1000-1300).
The High Middle Ages came after the early Middle Ages and was followed by the late Middle Ages, which by convention ends around 1500.
Technological determinism is a concept that encompasses a wide range of ideas, from technological advancement or the technological imperative, to a strict sense that human destiny is driven by an underlying logic related to scientific laws and their manifestations in technology.
Most interpretations of technological determinism share two general ideas: that the development of technology itself follows a path far beyond cultural or political influence, and that technology, in turn, has "effects" on society that are inherent, rather than socially conditioned.
One can, for example, say that the motor vehicle will necessarily lead to the development of roads.
A nationwide road network is still not economically viable just to serve a handful of cars, so new production methods are being developed to reduce the costs of car ownership.
Public car ownership also leads to a higher incidence of accidents on the roads, which in turn leads to the healthcare sector discovering new techniques for treating injured individuals.
Romanticism had a significant element of cultural determinism, drawn from writers such as Goethe, Fichte, and Schlegel.
In the context of Romanticism, geography shaped individuals, and over time, the customs and culture related to this geography emerged, and these, which were in harmony with the place for the society, were better than arbitrarily imposed laws.
In the same way that Paris is known as the fashion capital of the contemporary world, Constantinople was regarded as the fashion capital of feudal Europe.
Its reputation for being an epicenter of luxury began around the year 400 AD and lasted until around the year 1100 AD.
This status was diminished during the twelfth century, mainly due to the fact that the crusaders had returned with gifts such as silk and spices which were valued more highly than what Byzantine markets could offer.
It was at this time that the transfer of the title of fashion capital, from Constantinople to Paris, took place.
Gothic style peaked in the period between the 10th - 11th centuries and the 14th century.
In the beginning, clothing was greatly influenced by the Byzantine culture in the east.
Due to slow communication channels, styles in the West could lag behind by 25 to 30 years.
Towards the end of the Middle Ages, Western Europe began to develop their own style. One of the biggest developments of the time, as a result of the Crusaders, was that people began to use buttons to fasten clothes.
Subsistence farming is agriculture practiced to produce enough food to meet the needs of the farmer and their family.
Subsistence farming is a simple, often organic system that uses stored seeds from the eco-region combined with crop rotation and other relatively simple techniques to maximize yield.
Historically, most farmers were engaged in agriculture for subsistence, and this is still the case in many developing nations.
Subcultures bring together like-minded individuals, who feel neglected by societal standards, and allow them to develop a sense of identity.
Subcultures can be distinctive due to the age, ethnicity, class, location, and/or gender of the members.
The qualities that determine a subculture as distinctive can be linguistic, aesthetic, religious, political, sexual, geographical, or a combination of factors.
A member of a subculture often signals their membership through a distinctive and symbolic use of style, which includes fashion, behavior, and jargon.
One of the most common methods to illustrate the importance of socialization is to highlight the few unfortunate cases of children who, through neglect, accident, or intentional abuse, were not socialized by adults as they grew up.
Such children are called "wild" or "fierce." Some wild children have been confined by people (usually their own parents); in some cases, this abandonment of children was due to the parents' rejection of a child's severe intellectual or physical difficulties.
Wild children may have experienced child abuse or trauma before being abandoned or running away.
Others have been claimed to be raised by animals; some are believed to have lived alone in the wild.
When completely raised by non-human animals, feral children exhibit behavior (within physical limits) almost entirely like that of the relevant caregiver animals, such as fear of or indifference to humans.
While project-based learning should make learning easier and more interesting, constructivist design takes learning a step further.
Constructive design is not a teaching method, but rather a tool that provides support to individuals engaged in a new learning experience, such as using a new computer program or starting a new project.
Scaffolding can be both virtual and real, in other words, a teacher is a form of scaffolding, but so is the little paperclip man in Microsoft Office.
Virtual scaffolds are internalized in the software and are meant to question, guide, and elucidate procedures that could have been too demanding for the student to handle on their own.
Children are placed in foster homes for a wide variety of reasons ranging from neglect, to abuse, and even to extortion.
No child should have to grow up in an environment that is not nurturing, caring, and educational, but they do.
We look at the child welfare regulation as a safe zone for these children.
Our child welfare regulation is intended to provide safe homes, loving caregivers, and stable education, in addition to reliable healthcare.
Foster homes are meant to cover all the necessities that were lacking in the homes they were taken away from.
The internet combines elements from both mass and interpersonal communication.
The distinct characteristics of the internet led to several dimensions regarding the approach to use and satisfaction.
For example, "learning" and "socialization" are suggested as important motivations for internet use (James et al., 1995).
"Personal involvement" and "ongoing relationship" were also identified as new motivational aspects by Eighmey and McCord (1998) when they examined audience reactions to websites.
The use of video recordings has led to important discoveries in the interpretation of micro-expressions, facial movements that last a few milliseconds.
It is especially claimed that one can detect if a person is lying by correctly interpreting micro-expressions.
Oliver Sacks, in his essay The President's Speech, indicated how people who are unable to understand speech due to brain injury are nevertheless able to assess the speaker's sincerity correctly.
He even suggests that such skills for interpreting human behavior may be shared by domestic animals like dogs.
Research from the twentieth century has shown that there are two reservoirs of genetic variations: hidden and expressed.
Mutations add new genetic variation, and selection removes it from the reservoir of expressed variation.
Segregation and recombination shuffle the variation back and forth between the two reservoirs with each generation.
Out on the savanna, it is difficult for a primate with a digestive system like that of humans to meet their need for amino acids from the available plant resources.
Furthermore, it has serious consequences if one fails in this: growth depression, malnutrition, and ultimately death.
The most accessible sources of nourishment would have been the proteins available in leaves and legumes, but these are difficult for primates like us to digest.
In contrast, not only is animal food (ants, termites, eggs) digestible, but they provide a high amount of protein that contains all the necessary amino acids.
Considering all of this, we should not be surprised if our own ancestors solved their "protein problem" in much the same way as the chimpanzees on the savanna do today.
Sleep disruption is the process of waking intentionally during your normal sleep period and falling back asleep shortly after (10-60 minutes).
This can easily be done by using a silent alarm clock to bring you to consciousness without waking you completely.
If you find that you are resetting the clock in your sleep, it can be placed on the other side of the room, which forces you to get out of bed to turn it off.
Other biorhythm-based alternatives involve drinking a lot of fluids (especially water or tea, known diuretic fluids) before sleep, which will force one to get up to urinate.
The amount of inner peace a person possesses is inversely related to the amount of tension in one's body and spirit.
The lower the tension, the more positive the vitality. Every person has the potential to find absolute peace and satisfaction.
Everyone can achieve enlightenment. The only thing standing in the way of this goal is our own tension and negativity.
The Tibetan Buddhism is based on the teachings of Buddha, but was expanded by the Mahayana path of love and by many techniques from Indian Yoga.
In principle, Tibetan Buddhism is very simple. It consists of Kundalini yoga, meditation, and the path to all-encompassing love.
With Kundalini yoga, the Kundalini energy (enlightenment energy) is awakened through yoga postures, breathing exercises, mantras, and visualization.
The center for Tibetan meditation is deity yoga. Through visualization of various gods, energy channels are cleansed, chakras are activated, and enlightened consciousness is created.
Germany was a common enemy in World War II, which led to cooperation between the Soviet Union and the USA. At the end of the war, the opposing systems, processes, and cultures led to the countries not agreeing.
With two years from the end of the war, the two allies were enemies, and the Cold War began.
It was supposed to last for the next 40 years and was fought for real, by replacement forces, on battlefields from America to Asia, in Afghanistan, Cuba, and many other places.
By September 17, 1939, the Polish defense had already been broken down, and the only hope was to retreat and reorganize along the Romanian bridgehead.
These plans were nevertheless outdated overnight, as over 800,000 soldiers from the Soviet Union's Red Army entered and created the Belarusian and Ukrainian fronts, after invading the eastern regions of Poland in violation of the Treaty of Riga, the Soviet-Polish non-aggression pact, and other international treaties, both bilateral and multilateral.
Using ships to transport cargo is clearly the most effective way to move large quantities of people and goods across the seas.
The job of the marines has traditionally been to ensure that your country maintains the ability to move people and goods, while at the same time, hindering your enemy's ability to move their people and goods.
One of the most recent and notable examples of this was the North Atlantic campaign of the Second World War. The Americans tried to move men and material across the Atlantic to help Great Britain.
At the same time, the German navy tried to stop this traffic, mainly with the help of submarines.
If the Allies had failed, Germany would probably have managed to conquer Great Britain in addition to the rest of Europe.
Goats appear to have been domesticated for the first time about 10,000 years ago in the Zagros Mountains in Iran.
Animal husbandry was started in ancient cultures to have easy access to milk, hair, meat, and skin.
Domesticated goats were normally kept in herds that grazed on fields in the highlands or other grazing areas, often herded by shepherds who were often children or young people – a form of shepherd boys. These herding methods are still used today.
Railway tracks made of wood were built in England as early as the 16th century.

Sleepers were relatively early introduced to keep the rails in place. But gradually it was realized that the rails became more effective if they were dotted with a bit of iron on top.
This thus became common, but the iron led to greater wear on the wooden wheels of the wagons.
Eventually, the three-wheeled cars were replaced by iron wheels. In 1767, the first tracks made exclusively of iron were introduced.
The first known mode of transport is walking. Humans, that is to say, Homo erectus (the upright human), started to walk upright two million years ago.
Their predecessors, Australopithecus, did not regularly walk upright.
Bipedal specializations are found in Australopithecus fossils dating from 4.2 to 3.9 million years ago, although Sahelanthropus might have walked on two legs as early as seven million years ago.
We can start to be kinder to the environment, we can join the environmental movement, and we can even become activists to reduce future burdens to some extent.
This is in many cases the same as treating symptoms. But if we do not just want a temporary solution, we must find the root of the problems and solve them in that way.
It is obvious that the world has changed a lot due to the scientific and technological advances of mankind. And problems have become bigger due to overpopulation and the extravagant lifestyle of humans.
After the Congress adopted the declaration on July 4th, a handwritten draft signed by the president of the Congress, John Hancock, and the secretary, Charles Thomson, was sent a few blocks away to John Dunlap's printing press.
During the night, between 150 and 200 copies were printed, now known as "Dunlap broadsides".
The first public reading of the document was done by John Nixon in front of Independence Hall on July 8.
A copy was sent to George Washington on July 6, who read the document to the troops in New York on July 9. On August 10, a copy arrived in London.
The 25 "Dunlap broadsides" we still know to exist are the oldest copies of the document that have survived. The original handwritten copy has not survived.
Many paleontologists today believe that a group of dinosaurs survived and live today. We call them birds.
Many do not think of them as dinosaurs because they have feathers and can fly.
But the birds have many similarities with dinosaurs.
They have feet with scales and claws, they lay eggs, and they walk on their two hind legs just like a T-Rex.
Virtually all computers in use today are based on the manipulation of information encoded in the form of binary numbers.
A binary number can only have one of two values, i.e., 0 or 1, and these numbers are called binary digits – or bits, to use data jargon.
Internal poisoning is not always easy to detect. The symptoms (for example, vomiting) can be so vague that it is not possible to make a diagnosis immediately.
The best indication of internal poisoning is an open pillbox or toxic household chemicals that are left out.
Check the label to find out what kind of first aid you should give for the specific substance.
In a formal sense, entomologists use the term "insect" for this group of insects.
This term originates from ancient knowledge of bedbugs, which are insects that are highly adapted to be parasites on humans.
Both assassin bugs and bedbugs are nidicolous animals, which are adapted to live in the nest or house of the host.
In the USA, there are approximately 400,000 known cases of multiple sclerosis (MS), making it the most common neurological disease among younger and middle-aged adults.
MS is a disease that affects the central nervous system, that is, the brain, spinal cord, and optic nerve.
According to research, women are twice as likely as men to develop MS.
A couple can decide that it is not the best for them, or the best for the child, to raise a baby.
These couples can choose to put the baby up for adoption.
In adoption, the biological parents give up their parental rights, so that another couple can become the parents of the child.
The main goal of science is to find out how the world works through the scientific method. This method serves as a guideline for most scientific research.
But not only this. Experimentation is also used. An experiment is a test that is used to eliminate one or several possible hypotheses by asking questions and making observations.
Naturalists and philosophers focused on classical texts, and especially the Bible, in Latin.
Aristotle's view on everything related to science was what was accepted, including psychology.
As knowledge of Greek diminished, the West was torn away from the Greek philosophical and scientific roots.
Many observed rhythms in physiology and behavior are often highly dependent on the presence of endogenous cycles and their production through biological clocks.
Periodic rhythms, which are not just responses to external periodic signals, are documented for most living organisms, including bacteria, fungi, plants, and animals.
Biological clocks are self-sustaining oscillation generators that will continue with periods in which they follow free cycles, even when external signals are not present.
The Hershey and Chase experiment was one of the leading theories that DNA was a genetic material.
Hershey and Chase used phages, or viruses, to implant their own DNA into a bacterium.
They conducted two experiments where they either labeled the DNA in the phage with radioactive phosphorus or the protein in the phage with radioactive sulfur.
Mutations can have a range of different effects depending on the type of mutation, how important the affected genetic material is, and whether the affected cells are germline cells.
Only mutations in germline cells can be passed on to children, while mutations in other places can cause cell death or cancer.
Nature-based tourism attracts people who are interested in visiting natural areas to see the beautiful landscape, including plant and animal life.
Examples of activities include hunting, fishing, photography, bird watching, as well as visiting parks and studying information about the ecosystem.
Another example is to visit, photograph, and learn about orangutans in Borneo.
Every morning, people take their cars and leave small suburbs to go to work, while others pass them on their way to work at the place they just left.
In this dynamic transport back and forth, everyone is in some way connected to, and supports, a transport system based on private cars.
Research now suggests that this massive CO2 economy has disrupted the biosphere from the stable state that has supported human evolution for the last two million years.
Everyone participates in society and uses the transportation system. Almost everyone complains about the transportation system.
In developed countries, you rarely hear as many complaints about water quality or bridges collapsing.
Why do transportation systems generate so many complaints, and why do they fail daily? Are transport engineers simply incompetent? Or is there something more fundamental behind it?
Traffic flow is the study of the movement of individual drivers and vehicles between two points and the interaction between them.
Unfortunately, it is difficult to study traffic flow since one cannot predict driver behavior with one hundred percent certainty.
Fortunately, drivers tend to behave within a reasonably stable range. Traffic flows are therefore often fairly stable and can be roughly represented mathematically.
A relationship has been established among the three main characteristics to better represent traffic flow: (1) flow, (2) density, and (3) speed.
These conditions are useful when planning, designing, and using road facilities.
Insects were the first animals to begin to fly. The ability to fly made it easier for them to avoid enemies, and they found food and mates more quickly.
Most insects have an advantage in that they can fold their wings backward along their body.
This allows them to have several small places to choose from when they need to hide from predators.
The only insects today that cannot fold their wings are dragonflies and mayflies.
Many thousands of years ago, a man named Aristarchus said that the solar system moved around the sun.
Some believed him, but many believed the exact opposite, that it was the solar system that moved around the Earth, including the sun (and all other stars).
It's not that strange, because it doesn't feel like the earth is moving, does it?
The Amazon River is the second longest and the largest river in the world. It has more than eight times the amount of water as the second largest river.
The Amazon is also the widest river on Earth, in some places 9.5 km wide.
A full 20 percent of all the water that flows out of all the rivers on Earth and into the ocean comes from the Amazon River.
The main course of the Amazon River is 6,387 km long. It collects water from thousands of small rivers.
Although building pyramids in stone continued until the end of the Old Kingdom, no one ever managed to surpass the pyramids of Giza in terms of size and excellent technical execution.
The ancient Egyptians of the New Kingdom marveled at the monuments of their predecessors, which were then well over a thousand years old.
Vatican City has a population of around 800. It is the smallest independent state in the world with the lowest population.
The Vatican City uses Italian in legislation and official communication.
Italian is also the everyday language used by most people who work in the state, while Latin is often used during religious ceremonies.
All the inhabitants of Vatican City are Roman Catholic.
People have known about basic chemical elements like gold, silver, and copper since ancient times, as all of these exist in natural form and are relatively easy to extract with primitive tools.
The philosopher Aristotle had a theory that everything is made of a combination of one or more of four elements. These four elements were earth, water, air, and fire.
This was more like the four states of matter (in the same order): solid, liquid, gas, and plasma. Even though he also created a theory that they transform into new substances and form what we see.
Alloys are a mixture of two or more metals. Don't forget that there are many elements in the periodic table.
Elements such as calcium and potassium are considered metals. And of course, we also have the metals silver and gold.
You can also have alloys consisting of small amounts of non-metallic elements, such as carbon.
Everything in the universe consists of matter. All matter consists of tiny particles called atoms.
Atoms are so extremely small that there is space for many billions of them in the period at the end of this sentence.
The pencil was therefore a good friend to many when it was invented.
Unfortunately, the pencil has been downgraded to a lower status and used less as newer writing methods have been introduced.
People now write messages on computer screens and never need a pencil sharpener.
We can only wonder what will happen to the keyboard when something new appears.
The atomic bomb operates on the principle that it takes energy to assemble a nucleus with many protons and neutrons.
A bit like pushing a heavy cart up a hill. When one then splits the core again, some of that energy is released.
Certain atoms have unstable nuclei, which means that they tend to fall apart with little or no interference.
The surface of the moon consists of rocks and dust. The outer layer of the moon we call the crust.
The crust is about 70 km thick on the nearest side and 100 km thick on the farthest side.
It is thinner under the mares (the dark areas) and thicker under the light areas.
There may be more seas on the nearest side because the crust is thinner. It was easier for lava to rise to the surface.
Content theories are centered around finding out what motivates people, or what appeals to them.
These theories suggest that humans have certain needs and/or desires that become internalized as we grow older.
The theories look at what it is about certain people that makes them want the things they want, and what it is in their environment that makes them do or not do certain things.
Two popular content theories are Maslow's theory of the hierarchy of needs and Herzberg's two-factor theory.
Generally speaking, two behaviors can arise when leaders start to lead colleagues with whom they were previously at the same level. At one end of the spectrum, you have the leader who tries to continue being "one of the gang."
This type of leader has trouble making unpopular decisions, reprimanding employees, conducting evaluations, assigning responsibilities, and holding employees accountable.
At the other end of the spectrum, you have a leader who becomes a person unrecognizable to others, feeling the need to change everything the group has been doing and make it their own.
After all, it is ultimately the leader who is responsible for both the ups and downs in the group.
This behavior often results in conflicts between the leaders and the rest of the group.
Virtual groups maintain the same superior standards as conventional teams, but there are subtle differences.
Virtual group members often serve as contact points for the nearest physical group.
They often operate more independently than conventional group members because their groups tend to meet across different time zones, which may not be understood by the local management.
The fact that the group is truly "invisible" (Larson and LaFasto, 1989, p109), is also a unique component of a virtual group.
The "invisible group" is the leadership group to which each of the members reports. The invisible group sets the standards for each individual member.
Why should an organization go through such a time-consuming process as establishing a learning organization? One of the goals one aims to achieve by putting organizational learning concepts into practice is innovation.
When all available resources are used in an efficient manner in all the functional departments of an organization, creativity and creative ability can flourish.
A result of this process with an organization collaborating to tackle an obstacle is that it leads to a new innovative process to meet the customer's needs.
Before an organization can become innovative, the leadership must establish a culture of innovation in addition to shared knowledge and organizational learning.
Angel (2006) explains the Continuum approach as a method used to help organizations achieve higher performance.
Neurobiological data provides physical evidence for a theoretical approach to the examination of cognition. The research field is thus narrowed and much more precise.
The correlation between brain pathology and behavior supports the researchers in their research.
It has long been known that different types of brain injuries, trauma, lesions, and tumors affect behavior and cause changes in certain mental functions.
New technologies allow us to see and examine brain structures and processes that we have never seen before.
This provides us with a wealth of information and material to build simulation models that can help us understand processes in the brain.
Although "science fiction" strongly evokes associations with artificial intelligence (AI), AI constitutes a very important part of computer science when it comes to dealing with mechanisms, learning, and intelligent adaptation in a machine.
Research within AI involves creating machines to automate tasks that require intelligent behavior.
Examples of this can be control, planning and scheduling, the ability to respond to diagnoses and customer queries, as well as recognition of handwriting, voice, and face.
These things have become separate disciplines that focus on providing solutions to real problems.
The AI system is now often used in finance, medicine, engineering, and the military and is embedded in several PC applications and video game applications.
Excursions are a big part of all teaching. There are quite often times when a teacher might want to take students to places one cannot travel to by bus.
Technology offers solutions with virtual excursions. Students can look at museum artifacts, visit an aquarium, or admire beautiful art while sitting in the classroom.
Sharing an excursion virtually is also a nice way to reflect on a trip and share experiences with future classes.
Each year, for example, students from Bennet School in North Carolina design a website about the trip to the largest city in the state. Each year they redesign the website but keep old versions online as a kind of scrapbook.
Blogs can also help students become better at writing. Although students often start blogging with poor grammar and spelling, it usually changes when they have an audience.
Since students are often the most critical audience, the blogger begins to strive to improve their writing to avoid criticism.
Blogging also causes "students to be forced to understand the world around them better." The need to satisfy the audience inspires students to be smart and interesting (Toto, 2004).
Blogging is a tool that inspires collaboration and encourages students to learn something beyond the traditional school day.
Proper use of blogs "can enable students to become more analytical and critical. By actively responding to material on the internet, students can define their positions in the context of others' texts and outline their own perspectives on specific issues (Oravec, 2002).
Ottawa is the charming capital of Canada where they speak two languages. Here you can also find a number of art galleries and museums that showcase Canada's history and present.
Further south is Niagara Falls, and the northern part is home to, among other things, the untapped and scenic Muskoka.
All this and more highlights Ontario as what foreigners perceive as most typically Canadian.
Large areas further north have quite scattered settlements, and some areas are almost desolate wilderness.
Here is a comparison that surprises many: There are more African Americans living in the USA than there are inhabitants in Canada.
The East African islands are located in the Indian Ocean off the east coast of Africa.
Madagascar is by far the largest and its own continent when it comes to animal and plant life.
Most of the smaller islands are independent nations, or are associated with France, and known as luxury holiday destinations with beautiful beaches.
The Arabs also brought Islam to the islands, and it had a significant impact on the Comoros and Mayotte.
European influence and colonialism began in the 15th century when the Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama found the Cape Route from Europe to India.
In the north, the regions are linked together by the Sahel, and in the south and west by the Atlantic Ocean.
Women: It is recommended that all female travelers say that they are married, regardless of actual marital status.
It also helps to wear a ring (just not one that looks too expensive).
Women should be aware that cultural differences can lead to what they would consider harassment, and it is not uncommon to be followed, grabbed by the arm, etc.
Be firm when you reject men, and don't be afraid to stand your ground (cultural differences or not, it doesn't make it okay!).
The modern city of Casablanca was founded by Berber fishermen in the 900s BCE and was used by the Phoenicians, Romans, and the Marinids as a strategic port called Anfa.
The Portuguese destroyed the city and rebuilt it under the name Casa Branca, but abandoned it after an earthquake in 1755.
The Moroccan sultan rebuilt the city as Daru l-Badya, and the city was named Casablanca by Spanish merchants who established trade bazaars there.
Casablanca is one of the least interesting places to shop in all of Morocco.
Around the old medina, it is easy to find places that sell traditional Moroccan goods, including tagine, ceramics, leather goods, hookahs, and a whole range of trinkets, but everything is for the tourists.
Goma is a tourist city in Congo located far east near the border with Rwanda.
In 2002, Goma was destroyed by lava from the Nyiragongo volcano, and most of the city streets, especially in the center, were covered by lava.
It is relatively safe in Goma, but if you are going to travel outside of Goma, you need to investigate thoroughly to find out what the situation is in the North Kivu province regarding the ongoing conflict there.
The city is also used as a base camp for those who are going up to the Nyiragongo volcano, and it is also the starting point for those who wish to partake in one of the most affordable tours in Africa to see mountain gorillas.
You can use boda-boda (motorcycle taxi) to get around in Goma. The typical (local) price is ~500 Congolese francs for a short trip.
Combined with the fact that it is relatively difficult to access, "Timbuktu" is often used as a metaphor for exotic, distant lands.
Today, Timbuktu is a city with much poverty, even though its reputation makes it a tourist attraction, and it has an airport.
In 1990, the city was added to the list of World Heritage Sites in danger, due to the threat posed by the desert sand.
It was one of the major stops in Henry Louis Gates' program, Wonders of the African World, which aired on the PBS channel.
The city stands in stark contrast to the cities in the rest of the country, since it is more Arabic than African in style.
Kruger National Park (KNP) is located in the northeast of South Africa and runs along the border with Mozambique to the east and Zimbabwe to the north, and in the south, it is the Crocodile River that forms the border.
The park covers 19,500 km² and is divided into 14 different ecozones, each with distinct animal and plant life.
It is one of the main attractions in South Africa, and it is regarded as the flagship for South African national parks (SANParks).
Like all South African national parks, the park has conservation fees and entrance fees.
It may also be wise to buy a Wild Card, which provides free entry to either selected parks in South Africa or all national parks in South Africa.
The island of Hong Kong gives its name to the territory of Hong Kong and is the place many tourists regard as the main destination of their visit.

You get the best view of Hong Kong if you leave the island and head to the Kowloon shoreline on the other side.
Most of the urban development on Hong Kong Island is concentrated on the along embankments the northern coastline.
This was the place the British colonizers claimed as their own, so if you want to see evidence of the territory's colonial past, this is a good place to start.
The Sundarbans is the largest mangrove forest in the world, stretching 80 km inland in Bangladesh and India from the coast.
Sundarbans is on UNESCO's World Heritage List. The part of the forest that lies in Indian territory is called Sundarbans National Park.
The forests are not just mangrove swamps. They include some of the last remaining parts of the vast jungles that once covered the Ganges plains.
The Sundarbans covers an area of 3850 km², and approximately one third is covered with water/marshland.
Since 1966, the Sundarbans has been an animal and plant reserve, and it is estimated that there are now 400 Bengal tigers and around 30,000 spotted deer in the area.
Buses leave from the bus station (on the other side of the river) all day, although most, especially those heading east and to Jakar/Bumthang, leave between 06:30 and 07:30.
Since these buses between the districts are often full, it is wise to buy a ticket a few days in advance.
Most districts have small Japanese Coaster buses that are comfortable and sturdy.
Shared taxis are a quick and comfortable way to travel to nearby places, such as Paro (Nu 150) and Punakha (Nu 200).
The bridge over the Oyapock River is a cable-stayed bridge. It stretches across the Oyapock River and connects the towns of Oiapoque in Brazil and Saint-Georges de l'Oyapock in French Guiana.
The two towers are 83 meters high, the bridge is 378 meters long, and has two lanes that are 3.50 meters wide.
The vertical clearance under the bridge is 15 meters. The construction was completed in August 2011 and did not open for traffic until March 2017.
The bridge is expected to be fully operational in September 2017. It is then anticipated that the Brazilian customs checks will be completed.
The Guarani were the most important ethnic group that lived in what is now called Eastern Paraguay. There they lived as semi-nomadic hunters who also engaged in agriculture as a livelihood.
In the Chaco region, one also found other indigenous groups such as the Guaycurú and Payaguá, who survived by hunting, gathering, and fishing.
In the 1500s, Paraguay, formerly called "The Giant Province of Indies," emerged as a result of the meeting between Spanish conquerors and indigenous groups.
The Spanish began the colonization period that lasted for three hundred years.
Since Asunción was founded in 1537, Paraguay has managed to preserve much of the distinctiveness and identity of the indigenous people.
Argentina is known for having one of the best polo teams and players in the world.
The biggest tournament of the year takes place on the polo fields in Las Cañitas in December.

Contact the Asociación Argentina de Polo to learn more about tournaments and where you can buy tickets for polo matches.
The official currency of the Falkland Islands is the Falkland Islands pound (FKP), which is pegged to the British pound (GBP).
You can exchange money at the only bank on the islands, in Stanley, on the other side of the FIC West store.
British pounds are usually accepted everywhere on the islands, and in Stanley, credit cards and US dollars are often accepted as well.
On the outer islands, credit cards are unlikely to be accepted, although British and American currency may be accepted. Contact the owners in advance to find out what is an approved method of payment.
It is almost impossible to exchange Falkland pounds outside of the islands, so you should do this before you leave the islands.
Since Montevideo is located south of the equator, it is summer there when it is winter in the Northern Hemisphere, and vice versa.
Montevideo is located in the subtropics, and in the summer months, it is common to have temperatures over +30°C.
Winter can be deceptively cold. The temperatures rarely drop below freezing point, but the combination of wind and high humidity makes it feel colder than the thermometer indicates.
There are no specific "rainy" or "dry" seasons. There is approximately the same amount of rain throughout the year.
Even though many of the animals in the park are accustomed to seeing humans, the wildlife is still wild, and one should not feed or disturb the animals.
The park service asks you to stay at least 100 meters away from bears and wolves and 25 meters away from all other wild animals!
No matter how docile they may seem, both bison, deer, moose, bears, and most large animals can attack.
Each year, many visitors are injured because they have not kept a good enough distance. These animals are large, wild, and potentially dangerous, so give them the space they need.
In addition, you must be aware that smell attracts bears and other animals. Therefore, you should avoid bringing or making food that smells, and the camp must be kept clean.
Apia is the capital of Samoa. The city is located on the island of Upolu and has a population of just under 40,000.
Apia was founded in the 1850s and has been the official capital of Samoa since 1959.
In 1889, a special situation arose at the harbor, when seven ships from Germany, the USA, and the United Kingdom refused to leave it.
All the ships sank, except for a British sailing warship. Nearly 200 American and German lives were lost.
During the struggle for independence, organized by the Mau movement, a peaceful assembly in the town led to the killing of the leader, Tupua Tamasese Lealofi III.
As a result of Auckland stretching between two harbors, there are many beaches there. The most popular ones are located in three areas.
Northern coastal beaches (in the North Harbour district) are located by the Pacific Ocean, and stretch from Long Bay in the north to Devonport in the south.
Almost all of them are sandy beaches with safe conditions for swimming, and most of them also have shade from Pohutukawa trees.
The Tamaki Drive beaches are located by Waitemata Harbour, in the exclusive suburbs of Mission Bay and St Heliers in central Auckland.
These are occasionally crowded family beaches with a good selection of shops along the coast. Swimming is safe.
The local beer is called "Number One" and is not a complex beer, but good and refreshing. The other local beer is called "Manta".
There are many French wines available, but New Zealand and Australian wines are probably a better choice.
Tap water is completely safe to drink, but bottled water is easy to get if you want to be on the safe side.
A "flat white" would be foreign to an Australian. A small black coffee is espresso, a cappuccino is served with lots of whipped cream (not milk foam), and tea is served without milk.
The hot chocolate generally meets Belgian standards. Fruit juices are expensive, but good.
Many tours to the reef are organized throughout the year, and it is rare that damage to the reef occurs as a result of this.
It is still wise to heed advice from the authorities and follow all signs and warnings.
One can find box jellyfish near beaches and river mouths from October to April north of the small town 1770. Occasionally, one can also find them at other times of the year.
There are sharks, but they rarely attack humans. Most sharks are afraid of humans and swim away.
Saltwater crocodiles do not actively live in the sea. Their primary habitat is in river mouths north of Rockhampton.
By booking in advance, travelers can be assured that they have a place to sleep when they arrive at their destination.
Travel agencies often have agreements with specific hotels, but it may be possible to book other forms of accommodation, for example at a campsite, through a travel agency.
Travel agencies usually offer package tours that include breakfast and transport to and from the airport, and sometimes with combined flight and hotel packages.
It is also possible to retain the reservation if you need time to consider the offer or arrange other documents for the destination (e.g., visa).
Any changes or requests should be sent to the travel agency first, not directly to the hotel.
At certain music festivals, most participants choose to camp at the festival, and most participants believe this is an important part of the experience.
If you want to be close to the action, you need to arrive early to get a tent spot near the music.
Remember that even though the music on the main stage has ended, there may be other places at the festival where music will be played late into the night.
Some festivals have their own camping areas for families with small children.
If you are going to cross the Baltic Sea in winter, you should check where the cabin is located. Some people, indeed, will hear it extra well when the vessel passes through the ice. It makes a lot of noise.
A cruise to Saint Petersburg gives you some time in the city. There is no visa requirement for cruise passengers (check the terms).
Casinos do what they can to ensure guests spend as much time and money there as possible. Windows and clocks are usually absent, and it can be difficult to find the way out.
There are often special prices on food, drinks, and entertainment to keep the guests' spirits up and make them stay.
Some places offer free alcoholic drinks, but it is well known that intoxication impairs judgment, and all good gamblers know how important it is to stay sober.
Anyone who is going to drive at higher latitudes or over mountain passes must know that they may encounter snow, ice, or freezing temperatures.
On icy and snow-covered roads, the friction is low, and you cannot drive in the same way as on bare asphalt.
During a snowstorm, so much snow can fall in a short time that you can get stuck while driving.
Visibility can also deteriorate due to the snow falling or blowing on the windshield, or when fogging occurs or ice forms on the car windows.
On the other hand, icy and snow-covered conditions are common in many countries, and traffic continues mostly uninterrupted throughout the year.
Safari is perhaps the biggest travel attraction in Africa and the highlight for many visitors.
In popular use, the term safari refers to land journeys to see the magnificent African wildlife, especially on the savannah.
Some animals, like elephants and giraffes, tend to approach the cars, and standard equipment will provide a good view.
Lions, cheetahs, and leopards are sometimes a bit shy, and you will see them better with binoculars.
A walking safari (also called a "bush walk," "hiking safari," or "footing") includes hikes that can last a few hours or several days.
The Paralympics will be held from August 24 to September 5, 2021. Some events will be held in different places in various parts of Japan.
Tokyo will be the only Asian city to have hosted the Summer Olympics twice, as they also hosted the games in 1964.
If you booked flights and accommodations for 2020 before the games were postponed, it can become difficult.
The rules for cancellation vary, but from the end of March, most of the cancellation rules based on the coronavirus do not apply until July 2020, when the Olympics were planned.
It is expected that most tickets will cost between 2500 JPY and 130,000 JPY, with the most common tickets costing around 7000 JPY.
Damp clothes can become dryer if you iron them. Many hotels have irons and ironing boards available for loan, even if you don't always find these in the room.
If you cannot borrow an iron, or if you do not want to use ironed socks, you could possibly try using a hairdryer.
Be careful so that the fabric does not become too hot (something that can cause the fabric to shrink or, in the worst case, create scorch marks on it).
There are different ways to purify water, and some are more effective against specific threats.
In some areas, it is sufficient to boil the water for one minute, while in others, it must be boiled for several minutes.
The filter efficiency varies, and if you do not feel completely safe, you might consider buying bottled water with a seal from a reputable company.
Travelers may encounter pests they are not familiar with from home.
Pests can destroy food, be an irritation, or in the worst case cause allergic reactions, spread poison, or transmit infections.
Infectious diseases themselves, or dangerous animals that can harm or kill people with force, are normally not qualified as pests.
With duty-free and tax-free trade, one can buy goods exempt from duty and taxes at certain places.
Travelers who are on their way to countries with high taxes can sometimes save a lot of money, especially on products such as alcohol and tobacco.
The stretch between Point Marion and Fairmont offers very challenging driving conditions on the Buffalo-Pittsburgh Highway, and one often has to drive through deserted forest areas.
If you are not used to driving on country roads, you must keep a cool head when you encounter steep inclines, narrow roads, and sharp turns, which are typical for this stretch.
The speed limits are noticeably lower than earlier and later stretches of road, usually 56–64 km/h (35–40 mph), and it is even more important than usual to follow these.
Strangely enough, the mobile coverage is much better here than in many other stretches along the route, for example, Pennsylvania Wilds.
German pastries are quite good, and in Bavaria, they are quite rich and varied, in the same way as with their southern neighbor, Austria.
Pastries with fruit are common, where apples are added to pastries year-round, while cherries and plums are used in the summer.
Many German baked goods also contain almonds, hazelnuts, and other nuts. With such popular cakes, a cup of strong coffee often pairs well.
If you want a small but mighty pastry, you can try what, depending on the area you are in, is called a Berliner, Pfannkuchen, or Krapfen.
Curry dishes are based on herbs and spices that are mixed with either meat or vegetables.
A curry dish can either be "dry" or "wet," depending on the amount of liquid.
In the inland regions of North India and Pakistan, yogurt is often used in curry dishes. In South India and some other coastal areas of the subcontinent, coconut milk is often used.
With 17,000 islands to choose from, Indonesian cuisine is an umbrella term that covers a range of regional dishes found throughout the country.
But if one uses it without further specification, the term usually refers to food originating from the central and eastern parts of the main island of Java.
The Javanese cuisine is now widely available throughout the archipelago and offers a variety of simple, spicy dishes. The most dominant flavors that the Javanese prefer are peanuts, chili, sugar (especially Javanese coconut sugar), and various aromatic spices.
Stirrups provide support for the rider's feet, which hang down on each side of the saddle.
They provide greater stability for the rider, but this can be a safety risk, because the feet can get stuck in them.
If a rider is thrown off a horse, but their foot gets caught in the stirrup, they can be dragged along if the horse runs away. A number of safety measures can ensure that this risk is minimized.
Firstly, most riders use riding boots with a heel and a smooth and fairly narrow sole.
Some saddles, especially English saddles, also have a safety mechanism that allows a stirrup to release from the saddle if it is pulled backward by a rider who is about to fall off.
The Cochamó Valley – the foremost climbing destination in Chile, known as the Yosemite of South America, with many large granite walls and cliffs.
The peaks offer a fantastic view. Climbers from large parts of the world continuously create new routes in the walls, which offer endless possibilities.
Alpine skiing, which includes skiing and snowboarding, are popular sports where one glides down snow-covered terrain on skis or a snowboard attached to the feet.
Skiing is a major travel activity with many enthusiasts, sometimes known as "ski bums," who plan their entire vacation around skiing in a specific location.
The idea of skiing/ski driving is very old. Cave paintings depicting skiers date back to 5000 B.C.!
Slalom as a sport dates all the way back to the 1600s, and in 1861 the first ski club was opened by Norwegians in Australia.
Backpacking on skis: This is also called wilderness skiing trips, cross-country trips, or mountain skiing trips.
The activity is related to, but usually does not involve ski touring on high mountains or peak tours in steep terrain, which require much stiffer skis and boots.
Think of the ski trail you are going through as if it were a long hike on foot.
Under good conditions, you will be able to cover greater distances than if you were walking, but it is very rarely as fast as cross-country skiing in groomed tracks without a heavy backpack.
Europe is a continent that is relatively small, but has many independent states. Usually, when one is traveling through several countries, one has to go through visa applications and passport controls several times.
But the Schengen Area functions almost as one country in this context.
As long as you stay in this area, you can usually cross borders without going through multiple passport controls.
If you have a Schengen visa, this works in the same way. You do not need to apply for a visa to each of the Schengen countries separately, and thus you save time, money, and paperwork.
There is no universal definition of which manufactured goods are antiques. Some tax authorities define goods that are more than 100 years old as antiques.
The definition has geographical variations, and the age limit can be lower in, for example, North America compared to Europe.
One can define handicraft products as antiques, even if they are younger than similar mass-produced goods.
Reindeer herding is an important livelihood for the Sami, and the culture surrounding the activity is also important for many with other professions.
Traditionally, not all Sami have been involved in large-scale reindeer herding, but have lived off fishing, hunting, and similar activities, and they have mostly used reindeer as draft animals.
Today, many Sami work in modern industries. Tourism is an important source of income in Sápmi, i.e., the land of the Sami.
Although it is widely used, especially by others than the Romani people, the word "gypsy" is often considered offensive due to its association with negative stereotypes and misconceptions about the Romani people.
If a travel advisory has been issued for the country you are going to visit, it may affect your health insurance or cancellation insurance.
It may also be wise to check what advice is available from authorities other than your own, but remember that their advice is intended for their citizens.
American citizens in the Middle East, for example, may encounter different situations than Europeans or Arabs.
The advice is just a brief summary of the political situation in the country.
What is presented here is often straightforward, general, and simplified compared to more detailed information available elsewhere.
Extreme weather is the generic term for all dangerous weather phenomena that can lead to damage, serious societal consequences, or loss of human life.
Extreme weather can occur anywhere in the world, and there are different types, depending on geography, topography, and atmospheric conditions.
Strong wind, hail, extreme precipitation, and fire are forms and effects of extreme weather, as are thunderstorms, tornadoes, waterspouts, and cyclones.
Regional and seasonal extreme weather phenomena include heavy snowstorms, ice storms, and sandstorms.
Travelers should also stay informed about the risks of bad weather affecting the area, as this can impact travel plans.
Anyone planning to visit a country that can be considered a war zone should receive professional training.
With an Internet search for "Hostile environment course" or "conflict management course," you will probably find the address of a local company.
A course normally covers the situations discussed here in more detail, and usually with practical exercises.
A course normally lasts 2–5 days and involves role-playing, a lot of first aid, and sometimes weapons training.
There are many books and magazines about how to survive in the wilderness, but there are few publications about war zones.
Travelers planning to undergo gender-affirming surgeries abroad must ensure that they have valid documents for their journey home.
It varies how willing the authorities are to issue passports without a specified gender (X) or documents that are updated to match the desired name and gender.
In addition, it varies how willing authorities abroad are to accept these documents.
Searches in security controls have also become much more intrusive in the time after September 11, 2001.
Before the operation, transgender people probably cannot expect to get through the scans with their privacy and dignity intact.
Outgoing currents are currents of water from waves that have broken against the shore and are receding, often at reefs and similar places.
Due to the underwater topology, the return current is concentrated in a few deeper corridors, and here a rapid current can form out towards deeper water.
Most die from exhaustion while trying to swim back against the current, something that can be impossible.
As soon as you get out of the current, it's no harder to swim back than usual.
Try to aim for a place where you won't be caught by the current again. Alternatively, depending on your stamina and whether someone has spotted you, it might be wise to wait for someone to rescue you.
Reverse culture shock can come faster than culture shock (fewer honeymoon days), and it can last longer and be more intense.
Those who have traveled abroad and have easily adapted to the new culture may find it particularly challenging when they have to readjust to their own culture again.
When they come home after living abroad, they have adapted to the new culture and lost some of the habits they had before.
When they went abroad, people were probably patient and accommodating at first, since it takes some time for travelers to adapt to a new country.
Not everyone may be equally patient and accommodating when the travelers return home, but this is just as important.
The sound and light show at the pyramid is one of the most exciting things in the area for children.
You can see the pyramids in the dark, and you can see them in the silence before the show starts.
Usually, you hear the sound of tourists and vendors. The story of the sound and the light is like a history book.
The Sphinx forms a backdrop and stands as the narrator of a long story.
The scenes are shown on the pyramids, and the different pyramids are illuminated.
The South Shetland Islands, which were discovered in 1819, are claimed by several nations. They have the most stations, with sixteen of them being active in 2020.
The archipelago is located 120 km north of the peninsula. The largest island is King George Island with the settlement of Villa Las Estrellas.
Others include Livingston Island and Deception Island, where the flooded caldera of an still active volcano provides a spectacular and natural harbor.
Ellsworth Land is the area south of the peninsula and borders the Bellingshausen Sea.
The mountains on this side of the peninsula merge into the plateau, but reappear later to form a 360 km long mountain range in the form of the Ellsworth Mountains, where the Minnesota Glacier cuts through.
The northern part, Sentinel Range, has the highest mountain in Antarctica, Vinson Massif, with a peak that rises 4,892 meters above sea level.
In remote locations where there is no mobile phone coverage, a satellite phone may be the only option.
A satellite phone is usually not a good replacement for a cell phone, as you need to be outdoors and have a clear line of sight to the satellite in order to make a call.
The service is frequently used in shipping, including recreational vessels, and during expeditions that require external data and voice services.
The local provider of telephone services should be able to give you more information on how to connect to this service.
An increasingly popular option for those planning to take a gap year is to travel and learn.
This is especially popular among students who have completed a course of study and can take a gap year before they start at university, without it affecting their education.
In many cases, a course abroad during the gap year can give you better chances to pursue higher education in your home country.
Usually, one must pay a tuition fee to enroll in such educational programs.
Finland is a great boating destination. "The land of a thousand lakes" also has thousands of islands, in the lakes and the coastal archipelagos.
In the archipelagos and lakes, you don't necessarily need a yacht.
Even though the coastal archipelagos and the largest lakes are certainly large enough for any yacht, smaller boats, or even a kayak for a different experience.
Boating is a national pastime in Finland, with one boat for every seventh or eighth person.
This is similar to Norway, Sweden, and New Zealand, but otherwise quite unique (e.g., the number in the Netherlands is one in forty).
Most regular cruises in the Baltic have a longer stopover in St. Petersburg, Russia.
That means you can visit the historic city for two whole days, but that you return and sleep on the ship at night.
If you only go ashore during excursions arranged on the tour, you do not need a separate visa (as of 2009).
Some cruises include Berlin in Germany in the brochures. As you can see on the map above, Berlin is not near the sea, and a visit to the city is not included in the cruise price.
Flying can be scary for people of all ages and backgrounds, especially if they have never flown before or have experienced something traumatic.
There is nothing to be ashamed of. It is not so different from fear and reluctance towards other things, as many people have.
For some, understanding more about how planes work and what happens during a flight can help overcome a fear that is based on the unknown or on not having control.
A delivery company gets well paid for delivering things quickly. Time often means a great deal when it comes to business documents, goods, or spare parts for urgent repairs.
On certain routes, the large companies have their own planes, but for other routes and smaller companies, this was a problem.
If they sent things by air freight, it could have taken several days for unloading and customs on certain routes.
The only thing that worked to get them through faster was to send them as checked baggage. The airline's regulations do not allow sending baggage without a passenger, and that's where you come in.
It's just a matter of coughing up a stack of bills (or preferably getting your company to do it for you) if you want to fly first class or business class.
This is not cheap, and as a rule of thumb, you can expect to pay up to four times the usual economy class price for business class, and eleven times more for first class.
Generally, there is no point in searching for cheap tickets for business class or first class on direct routes from A to B by plane.
The airlines know that there is a specific group of passengers who are willing to pay a lot to travel quickly and comfortably to a place, and they charge accordingly.
The capital of Moldova is Chişinău. The local language is Romanian, but Russian is widely used.
Moldova is a multi-ethnic republic where there have been many ethnic conflicts.
In 1994, this conflict led to the creation of the self-proclaimed Transnistria Republic in the east of Moldova, with its own government and currency. However, this is not recognized by any of the UN member states.
Economic cooperation has been restored between these two parts of Moldova, despite the failure in the political negotiations.
The largest religion in Moldova is Orthodox Christianity.
İzmir is the third largest city in Turkey, with a population of around 3.7 million. The city has the second largest port after Istanbul and is a very good transportation hub.
What was once the ancient city of Smyrna, is now a modern, developed, and busy commercial city center that surrounds a large bay and is surrounded by mountains.
The wide streets, glass buildings, and modern shopping centers have traditional red roof tiles, a square from the 18th century, and old mosques and churches, even though the atmosphere in the city is more influenced by the Mediterranean Europe than traditional Turkey.
The village of Haldarsvík overlooks the nearby island of Eysturoy and has an extraordinary octagonal church.
In the graveyard, one can see interesting marble sculptures of doves over certain gravestones.
It is worth strolling around the captivating village for half an hour.
To the north and within easy reach lies the romantic and fascinating village of Sintra. The town became known to foreigners when Lord Byron so splendidly conveyed how magnificent it was here.
Scotturb bus no. 403 runs regularly to Sintra and stops at Cabo da Roca.
In the north, you can visit the great sanctuary of Our Lady of Fatima (holy place), where Mary appeared several times, stories that are known all over the world.
Remember that you are simply visiting a mass grave and a place that means an immense amount to a large part of the world's population.
There are still many men and women who are alive today and survived the time here, and many more who had loved ones who were murdered or worked themselves to death here, both Jews and others.
The place deserves to be treated with dignity, reverence, and respect. Don't make jokes about the Holocaust or Nazis.
Do not damage the place by drawing or writing on the structures.
The official languages in Barcelona are Catalan and Spanish. About half prefer to speak Catalan, almost everyone understands it, and almost everyone can speak Spanish.
Most of the signs, however, are only in Catalan, because according to the law, it is the official first language.
But Spanish is also widely used in connection with public transportation and other services.
Regular announcements on the metro are only made in Catalan, while unplanned interruptions are announced by an automated system in several languages, including Spanish, English, French, Arabic, and Japanese.
People from Paris have a reputation for being egocentric, rude, and arrogant.
Even though it is often a misinterpreted stereotype, one will get by best in Paris by behaving in the best possible way, like someone who is "bien élevé" (well-mannered). Then it will be much easier to get around.
An apparently brusque exterior quickly disappears in Parisians if you are fundamentally polite.
Plitvice Lakes National Park contains a lot of forest, mainly beech, spruce, and coniferous trees, and has a mixture of alpine vegetation and Mediterranean vegetation.
He has a particularly wide range of plant communities due to the spectrum of microclimates, different soils, and varying altitudes.
In the area, one also finds an extremely large variety of animal and bird species.
Here one finds rare fauna such as the European brown bear, wolf, eagle, owl, lynx, wildcat, and capercaillie, along with many more common species.
Women visiting the monasteries must wear skirts that cover the knees, and the shoulders must also be covered.
Most of the monasteries lend shawls to women who have not thought of this. But if you bring your own, especially one with bright colors, you will receive a smile from the monk or nun at the entrance.
Similarly, men must wear trousers that cover the knees.
This is also possible to borrow from the collection at the entrance, but the clothes are not washed after each user, so you may not feel comfortable using them. The sizes fit all men!
The Mallorcan cuisine, similarly to other areas in the Mediterranean, uses a lot of bread, vegetables, and meat (especially pork) in addition to olive oil.
A simple and popular dinner, especially during the summer, is Pa amb Oli. This is bread with olive oil, tomato, and available flavorings such as cheese, tuna, etc.
All nouns in addition to the word Sie (De) always start with a capital letter, even if it is in the middle of a sentence.
In this way, one can more easily distinguish between individual verbs and objects.
It also makes reading easier, even though writing is somewhat complicated because one has to determine whether a verb or adjective is being used in a nominal form.
The pronunciation is relatively simple in Italian, since most words are pronounced exactly as they are written.
The most important letters to pay attention to are c and g, since their pronunciation varies depending on the vowel that follows.
Also make sure to pronounce r and rr differently: Caro means dear, while carro means cart.
Persian has a relatively simple and mostly regular grammar.
Therefore, this introduction to grammar can teach you a lot about Persian grammar and how you can better understand sentences.
If you know a Romance language, it will naturally be easier for you to learn Portuguese.
But it is easy for those who know a little Spanish to quickly conclude that Portuguese is similar enough that one does not need to study it separately.
Observatories built before modern times are largely obsolete today and remain as museums or educational buildings.
Since light pollution was not a problem at that time, we usually find them in cities or on university campuses where they are easier to access than those built in modern times.
Today's modern research telescopes are often enormous facilities located in remote areas with favorable atmospheric conditions.
Cherry blossom viewing, known as hanami, has been a part of Japanese culture since the 8th century.
The concept came from China, where plum blossoms were the preferred flowers.
In Japan, the first celebrations of cherry blossom viewing were organized by the emperor, and they were only for him and other members of the aristocracy in the emperor's court.
Plants look their best when they are in a natural environment, so don't fall for the temptation to "just take one" specimen.
If you are visiting a formal garden, "taking a specimen" will certainly be grounds for asking you to leave.
Singapore is generally a very safe place to stay, and it is easy to get around. You can also get hold of almost anything after you've arrived.
But when you live in a tropical climate just a few degrees north of the equator, you have to deal with both heat (continuously) and strong sun (when it is cloudless, which is rarer).
There are also some buses heading north to Hebron, the traditional burial site of the biblical patriarchs Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, and their wives.
Make sure that the bus you want to take goes all the way to Hebron and not just to the nearby Jewish settlement of Kiryat Arba.
Waterways in the inland can be a nice basis for planning your vacation.
You can, for example, visit castles in the Loire Valley or the Rhine Valley, you can take a cruise to interesting places along the Danube or a boat trip along the Erie Canal.
They are also the starting point for popular hiking and cycling trails.
Christmas is one of the most important holidays in Christianity and is celebrated as the birthday of Jesus.
Non-believers in Christian countries and non-Christians around the world have adopted many of the traditions of the holiday.
It is a tradition to stay awake on Easter night and watch the sunrise out in the open.
There are, of course, Christian theological explanations for this tradition, but it could just as well be a spring and fertility ritual with roots in pre-Christian times.
More traditional churches often hold an Easter vigil on Saturday evening during the Easter weekend, where the congregation often breaks into celebration at midnight to commemorate the resurrection of Christ.
All animals that originally came to the islands arrived by swimming, flying, or floating.
Due to the long distance from the continent, the mammals were unable to complete the journey, which made the giant tortoise the primary grazing animal on the Galapagos.
Since humans came to the Galapagos, several mammals have been introduced, including goats, horses, cows, rats, cats, and dogs.
If you visit the Arctic or Antarctic regions in the winter, you'll experience the polar night, where the sun does not rise above the horizon.
Then there are good conditions for seeing the northern lights, as the sky is more or less dark all day.
As the population is spread across the areas and light pollution is therefore often not a problem, you will also be able to look at the stars.
Japanese work culture is more hierarchical and formal than what people from the West are accustomed to.
Suits are standard business attire, and employees address each other by last name or job title.
Harmony in the workplace is crucial, and emphasis is placed on group effort instead of praise for individual achievements.
Employees often need to get approval from their superiors for all decisions to be made, and it is expected that they follow instructions from their superiors without questioning.
