"We now have a four-month-old who is not diabetic who used to be diabetic", he added.
Dr. Ehud Ur, professor of medicine at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia, and chair of the Canadian Diabetes Association's clinical division warned that the research is still in its early days.
Like some other experts, he is skeptical of the possibility of curing diabetes, noting that these findings have no relevance to people who already have Type 1 diabetes.
On Monday, Sara Danius, the Nobel Committee's permanent secretary for literature, announced during a radio program on Sveriges Radio in Sweden that the committee, having failed to contact Bob Dylan directly about winning the Nobel Prize for Literature in 2016, had stopped its efforts to contact him.
"We're not doing anything right now", said Danius, "and I've called and e-mailed his closest colleague and received very friendly responses. That's enough for now, for sure".
Previously, Ring CEO Jamie Siminoff noted that the company started when his doorbell was not audible from his shop in his garage.
He built a WiFi doorbell, he said.
Simon said sales had been boosted after he appeared in an episode of Shark Tank in 2013 where the show's panel refused to fund the new business.
In late 2017, Siminoff appeared on the shopping television channel QVC.
Ring settled a legal case with a competing security company, ADT Corporation.
Although one experimental vaccine appears to be able to reduce Ebola deaths, to date, no drugs have been clearly shown to be suitable for the treatment of current infections.
One antibody cocktail, ZMapp, initially showed promise in the field, but formal studies suggested it had less of a desired benefit in preventing death.
In the PALM trial, Zmapp served as a controller, meaning that scientists used it as a baseline and compared the other three treatments to it.
USA Gymnastics supports the United States Olympic Committee letter and accepts the absolute need for the Olympic family to promote a safe environment for all of our athletes.
We agree with the USOC's statement that the interests of our athletes and clubs, and their camp, can be better served by moving forward with meaningful change within our organization, rather than by deregulation.
The United States Gymnastics is assisting an independent investigation that could shed light on how abuse of the degree so boldly described by survivors of Larry Nassar could have gone undetected so far, and welcomes any necessary and appropriate changes.
USA Gymnastics and the USOC share a common goal - to make gymnastics, and other sports, as safe as possible for athletes to pursue their dreams in a safe, positive, empowering environment.
Through the 1960s, Brzezinski worked for John F. Kennedy as his adviser and then for the Lyndon B. Johnson administration.
During the 1976 elections he advised Carter on foreign policy, then served as National Security Advisor (NSA) between 1977 and 1981, succeeding Henry Kissinger.
As NSA, he assisted Carter in handling matters that would become diplomatic, such as the Camp David Accords, 1978; the normalization of relations between the US and China through the late 1970s; the Iranian Revolution, which led to the savage crisis of Iraq, 1979; and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan, 1979.
The film, starring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone, received nominations in all major categories.
Gosling and Stone received nominations for Best Actor and Best Actress.
The other nominations include Best Film, Director, Cinematography, Costume Design, Film Editing, Original Score, Production Design, Sound Editing, Sound Mixing, and Original Screenplay, and the film was nominated for Best Picture at the 88th Academy Awards.
Two songs from the film, Audition (The Fools Who Dream) and City of Stars, received nominations for best original song, while Lionsgate received 26 nominations - more than any other studio.
Late on Sunday, US President Donald Trump announced in a statement presented by the press secretary that US troops would leave Syria.
The announcement was made after Trump had a phone conversation with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
Turkey would also take responsibility for guarding captured ISIS fighters whom, according to the statement, European nations have refused to send home.
In addition to confirming that some dinosaurs had at least blue, a theory that is already in circulation, it also provides details that fossils generally cannot, such as color and three-dimensional order.
Scientists say that the fur of this animal is chestnut brown on the upper side with a pale or cartoonish underside.
The discovery provides insight into the evolution of the mad bird's plume.
Since dinosaur shells do not have well-developed shafts, called rachis, but have other shell features - arrowheads and teeth - the researchers concluded that the rachis was likely a later evolutionary development than these other features.
The structure of the plume suggests that they were not used for flight but rather for temperature control or display. The researchers suggested that, although this is a young dinosaur skull, the sample shows adult plume and not a small, coiled plume.
The researchers suggested that, although this was a young dinosaur skeleton, the sample showed adult plumage and not chicken manure.
A car bomb exploded at the police headquarters in Gaziantep, Turkey early yesterday, killing two policemen and injuring more than twenty others.
The governor's office said that fourteen of those injured were police officers.
Police said they suspected a Daesh (ISIL) fighter was responsible for the attack.
They discovered that the Sun operates on the same basic principles as other stars: It was found that the activity of each star in the system is driven by its light, its orbit, and nothing else.
The light and radiation are used together to determine the star's Rossby number, which belongs to the plasma wave.
The lower the Rossby number, the less active the star is from the point of view of magnetic reversals.
During his journey, Iwasaki got into trouble many times.
He was robbed by pirates, attacked by a wild dog in Nhibet, escaped from a wedding in Nepal and was arrested in India.
The 802.11n standard operates at 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz frequencies.
This will allow it to be backward compatible with 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g, provided the site has dual radios.
Speeds of 802.11n are significantly faster than those of its predecessors with a theoretical peak throughput of 600Mbit/s.
Duvall, who is married with two adult children, was not impressed with Miller, who was involved in the story.
When asked for comment, Miller said, "Mike talks a lot during the hearing...I was getting ready so I didn't really hear what he was saying".
"We will try to reduce carbon dioxide emissions per unit of GHG significantly by 2020 from the level in 2005", said Hu.
He did not set a figure for the cuts, saying they would be based on China's economic output.
Hu urged developed countries "to avoid the old path of pollution first and clean up later".
He added that "they should not, however, be asked to take on obligations that go beyond their capacity, responsibility and developmental capabilities".
The Iraq Study Group presented its report at 12.00 GMT today.
He warns that no one can guarantee that any action in Iraq on this point will prevent sectarian warfare, increased violence, or a leap towards disorder.
The Report opens with a plea for open debate and consensus formation in the United States on policy towards the Middle East.
The Report is highly critical of almost every aspect of the Administration's current policy towards Iraq and urges a new direction immediately.
First among its 78 recommendations is the recommendation that a new diplomatic initiative should be launched before the end of this year to protect Iraq's borders against hostile interventions and to re-establish diplomatic relations with its neighbours.
Incumbent senator and Argentine First Lady Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner announced her candidacy for the presidency last night in La Plata, a city 50 kilometers (31 miles) away from Buenos Aires.
Mrs Kirchner announced her intention to run for the presidency at the Argentine Theatre, the same venue she used to launch her 2005 campaign for the Senedd as a member of the Buenos Aires provincial delegation.
The debate was sparked by debates over spending on relief and reconstruction in the wake of Hurricane Katrina; some financial conservatives have jokingly labeled it the "Bush New Orleans Agreement".
Liberal criticism of the reconstruction effort has focused on giving reconstruction contracts to those considered to be Washington insiders.
Over four million people attended the funeral in Rome.
The crowd was so great that it was impossible for everyone to enter the tomb in St. Peter's Square.
Several large television screens were installed in various places in Rome to allow the people to watch the ceremony.
Similar installations were held in several other cities in Italy and in the rest of the world, especially in Poland, and were watched by large numbers of people.
Historians have criticized FBI policies in the past for focusing resources on easily solvable cases, especially car theft cases, with the goal of boosting the agency's success rate.
Congress began funding the anonymity initiative in 2005 and specified that the FBI must designate 10 agents to pornograph adults.
Robin Uthappa made the highest score of the batting, 70 runs in just 41 balls by hitting 11 fours and 2 sixes.
The middle-order batsmen, Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, performed well and made a hundred runs partnership.
However, after losing the captain's wicket, India only managed 36 runs for the loss of 7 wickets to bring the batting to an end.
President George W. Bush arrived in Singapore on the morning of November 16, beginning a week-long tour of Asia.
He was greeted by Singapore Deputy Prime Minister Wong Kan Seng, who discussed trade and terrorism issues with Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong.
Following a week of losses in the midterm election, Bush told an audience about expanding trade in Asia.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper has agreed to send the government's "Clean Air Act" to a cross-party committee for review, ahead of its second reading, after a 25-minute meeting on Tuesday with NDP leader Jack Layton at the Prime Minister's Office.
Layton had asked for changes to the Conservative environmental bill during the meeting with the Prime Minister, asking for a "thorough and complete rewriting" of the Conservative party environmental bill.
Just as the Federal Government stepped in to take responsibility for the funding of the Mersey Hospital in Devonport, Tasmania, the provincial government and some federal MPs have criticised this action as a setback in the lead up to the federal election to be called by November.
Prime Minister John Howard has said the bill is only to protect the hospital's facilities from being overrun by the Tasmanian government, by providing an additional AUD$45 million.
According to the latest bulletin, sea level readings indicated that a tsunami had been created. Some definite tsunami activity was recorded near Pago Pago and Niue.
No major damage or injuries were reported in Tonga, but power was temporarily lost, and Tongan authorities reportedly refused to accept the tsunami warning issued by the PTWC.
Fourteen schools in Hawaii that are located on or near beaches were closed through Wednesday despite the warnings being lifted.
U.S. President George W. Bush welcomed the announcement.
Bush's spokesman, Gordon Johndroe, called North Korea's pledge "a major step toward the goal of achieving the denuclearization of the Korean peninsula".
A tenth named storm of the Atlantic hurricane season, Tropical Storm Jerry, formed in the Atlantic Ocean today.
The National Weather Service says at this time Jerry poses no threat to land.
The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers estimated that a 6-inch hand could damage the floodplains that had been damaged previously.
The Ninth Ward, which saw flooding as high as 20 feet during Hurricane Katrina, is currently in mid-water as the nearby floodplain is being overcome.
Water flows over the floodplain in a 100-foot-wide stretch.
Commons Administrator Adam Cuerden expressed his frustration over the delays when speaking to Wikinews last month.
"In essence he (Wales) lied to us from the beginning, first by acting as if for legal reasons, second by pretending to listen to us, to the point of destroying his art".
The community's indifference led to the current efforts to draft a policy regarding sexual content for the site that is home to millions of openly licensed media.
The work done was mainly theoretical, but the program was written to simulate observations made from the Sagittarius constellation.
The effect the team was looking for would be caused by the tidal forces between the dark matter of the aura and the dark matter of the Milky Way.
Just as the moon pulls on the earth, causing tides, so the Milky Way exerts a force on the Sagittarius ray.
The scientists were able to conclude that the dark matter affects other dark matter in the same way that regular matter does.
This theory says that most dark matter around a galaxy is arranged around a galaxy as a sort of sphere, and that it contains many small particles.
Television reports show white smoke coming from the power station.
Local authorities are forcing people living in the vicinity of the factory to stay inside, turn off air conditioners and not drink tap water.
According to the Japanese nuclear agency, ions and nuclear cesium were discovered at the station.
The authorities speculate that this indicates that containers holding uranium on site may have been broken and leaking.
Dr Tony Moll discovered the XDR-TB in the KwaZulu-Natal region of South Africa.
In an interview, he said that the new variant was "a cause of great concern and very frightening because of the very high mortality rate".
Some patients may have been infected at the hospital, in Dr Moll's room, and at least two were hospital health workers.
In a year, an infected person can infect 10 to 15 close contacts.
However, the percentage of XDR-TB in the whole group of people with tuberculosis appears to be still low; 6,000 out of a total of 330,000 people infected at any given time in South Africa.
The satellites collided with each other, both weighing over 1,000 pounds, and travelling at about 17,500 miles per hour, 491 miles above Earth.
Scientists say that the explosion caused by the collision was huge.
They are still trying to determine the exact extent of the conflict and how it will affect the earth.
The U.S. Strategic Command of the U.S. Department of Defense is tracking the remains.
The result of a plotting analysis will be posted on a public website.
A doctor who worked at the Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, will be charged with second-degree murder after his mother was found dead in the trunk of her car Wednesday, authorities in Ohio said.
Dr. Malar Balasubramanian, 29, was found in Blue Ash, Ohio, a suburb about 15 miles north of Cincinnati, lying on the ground by the side of the road in a T-shirt and underwear in a condition that appeared to be under heavy medication.
She referred officers to her black Oldsmobile Intrigue which was 500 feet away.
There, they discovered the body of Saroja Balasubramanian, 53, covered in bloodstained blankets.
Police said it appeared that the body had been there for about a day.
The first cases of this season's disease were reported at the end of July.
The disease is carried by pigs, which then migrate to humans via mosquitoes.
The outbreak has prompted the Indian government to take similar measures by using pig-livers in severely affected areas, distributing thousands of mosquito nets and spraying pesticides.
Several million doses of the encephalitis vaccine have also been withheld by the government, which will help prepare health agencies for next year.
Plans to deliver vaccines to the historically most affected areas this year were delayed due to lack of funding and low priority compared to other diseases.
In 1956, Slania moved to Sweden, where she started working three years later for the Swedish Post Office and became their chief insurer.
He produced over 1,000 stamps for Sweden and 28 other countries.
His work is of such quality and detail that he is recognized as one of the very few "familiar names" amongst stamp collectors.
His 1,000th stamp was the excellent "Great Works by the Kings of Sweden" by David Klöcker Ehrenstrahl in 2000, which is listed in the Guinness Book of World Records.
He was also involved in engraving paper money for many countries, recent examples of his work include the portraits of Prime Ministers on the front of the new $5 and $100 Canadian dollar bills.
After the accident, Gibson was taken to hospital but died shortly afterwards.
The driver of the truck, a 64-year-old man, was not injured in the accident.
The vehicle itself was taken away from the location of the accident at about 1200 GMT on the same day.
A person working in a garage near the scene of the accident said: "Children were waiting to cross the road and they were all screaming and crying".
They all ran back from the scene of the accident.
Other topics on the agenda in Bali include saving the world's remaining forests, and sharing technologies to help developing nations grow in less polluting ways.
The United Nations also hopes to secure a fund to help countries affected by global warming cope with the effects.
The money could go toward flood-resistant housing, better water management, and varied crops.
Fluke wrote that the efforts by some to stop women from talking about women's health are failing.
This conclusion was reached due to the large number of positive comments and encouragement sent by both female and male individuals urging that contraceptive medicine be considered a medical necessity.
When the fighting ended after the wounded were taken to the hospital, about 40 of the other prisoners who remained in the yard refused to return to their cells.
Union negotiators tried to defuse the situation, but the prisoners' demands are unclear.
Between 10:00-11:00 pm MDT, a fire was started by the prisoners in the yard.
Soon, officers in uniform entered the courtyard and cornered the prisoners with tear gas.
Firefighting crews finally extinguished the fire by 11:35 p.m.
After the dam was built in 1963, the seasonal flooding that would have scattered sediments across the river was prevented.
This valley was necessary for the creation of sand bars and beaches, which were habitats for wildlife.
As a result, two fish species have disappeared, and two others are endangered, including the sponge-toothed pufferfish.
Although the water level will only rise a few feet after the floods, officials hope this will be enough to restore challenged sand bars downstream.
No tsunami warning has been issued, and according to the Jakarta geophysical agency, a tsunami warning will not be issued because the earthquake did not meet the magnitude of 6.5.
Although there was no tsunami threat, residents began to panic and began to abandon their businesses and homes.
Although Winfrey was reluctant to say goodbye, she made it clear to her fans that she would be back.
"This is not a goodbye. It's the end of a chapter and the beginning of a new one".
Final results of Namibia's presidential and parliamentary elections have shown that the incumbent president, Hifikepunye Pohamba, has been overwhelmingly reelected.
The ruling South West Africa People's Movement (SWAPO) party also retained a majority in the parliamentary elections.
Allied and Afghan troops moved into the area to secure the site and other Allied aircraft have been dispatched to assist.
The accident occurred high up in mountainous terrain, and is believed to have been caused by enemy fire.
Efforts to search the crash site are challenged by poor weather and rough terrain.
The Mongolian medical charity Medecins Sans Frontieres and the World Health Organization say this was the worst case of the disease recorded in the country.
Medecines sans Frontiere spokesman Richard Veerman said: "Angola is about to be hit by its worst case ever and the situation remains very bad in Angola", he said.
The games started at 10:00am with great weather and apart from a small mid-morning hand that cleared quickly, it was a perfect day for rugby 7s on all sides.
South Africa, the tournament's top-ranked team, started on the right note when they secured a comfortable 26-00 victory against fifth-placed Zambia.
Looking really bright in the game against their southern sisters, South Africa gradually improved however as the tournament went on.
Their disciplined defence, ball handling skills and excellent teamwork made them stand out and it was clear that this was the team to beat.
Amsterdam city officials and the Anne Frank Museum declare the tree to be infected with fungus and pose a public health risk as they argue it is in danger of collapsing soon.
He was expected to be beheaded on Tuesday, but was saved after an emergency court ruling.
Each of the cave entrances, named "The Seven Sisters", is at least 100 to 250 metres (320 to 820 ft) in diameter.
Sub-red images show that the variations in temperature from night to day indicate that they are more likely caves.
They are cooler than the surrounding surface by day and warmer by night.
"Their thermal behavior is not as stable as large caves on Earth that often maintain a fairly constant temperature, but it is consistent with being deeply buried in the ground", said Glen Cushing of the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Spherical Geology Team and Northern Arizona University based in Flagstaff, Arizona.
In France, voting has traditionally been a low-tech experience: voters will isolate themselves in a booth, and hand out a sheet of scanned paper showing their preferred candidate in a ballot.
After officers have checked the identity of the voter, the voter drops the ballot into the ballot box and signs the voter register.
French electoral law regulates cases fairly strictly.
Since 1998, ballot boxes must be transparent so that voters and observers can attest that no ballot boxes are present at the start of voting except for some of the duly counted authorised voters.
Candidates can send representatives to witness all parts of the process. At night, votes are counted by volunteers under heavy supervision, following specific procedures.
The ASUS Eee PC, which was launched globally for cost-saving and practicality factors, became a hot topic at Taipei IT Month 2007.
But the consumer market for laptops will be fundamentally overhauled and changed after the Yuan Administration of the Republic of China awards the 2007 Taiwan Sustainability Award to ASUS.
The station's website describes the show as "old-fashioned radio theater with a new smart cock on top of the plates!"
In its early days, the show appeared on the long-running internet radio site TogiNet Radio, a site focused on talk radio.
At the end of 2015, TogiNet established AstroNet Radio as a subsidiary.
The show originally featured amateur voice actors, who were native to East Texas.
Extensive looting reportedly continued overnight, as law enforcement officers were not present on the streets of Bishkek.
Bishkek was described as being plunged into a state of "anarchy" by one observer, as gangs of people roamed the streets and looted consumer goods from shops.
Many residents of Bishkek blamed the riots on southern protesters.
South Africa have defeated the Black Crows (New Zealand) in a Three Nations rugby union match at Royal Bafokeng Stadium in Rustenburg, South Africa.
The final score was a one-point victory, 21 to 20, ending a 15-game Black Crowes winning streak.
For the Springboks, it ended a five-game losing streak.
This was the last game for the Black Crows, who had already won the trophy two weeks earlier.
The final match of the series will take place at Ellis Park in Johannesburg next week, when the Springboks play against Australia.
A moderate earthquake shook western Montana at 10:08 p.m. on Monday.
No immediate reports have been received from the United States Geological Survey (USGS) and its National Earthquake Information Center.
The quake was centered about 20 kilometers (15 miles) north-northeast of Dillon and about 65 kilometers (40 miles) south of Butte.
The avian flu strain that is deadly to humans, H5N1, has been confirmed to have infected a dead wild boar, discovered on Monday, in a corstera near Lyon in eastern France.
France is the seventh country in the European Union to suffer from this virus; following Austria, Germany, Slovenia, Bulgaria, Greece and Italy.
Suspected cases of H5N1 in Croatia and Denmark remain unconfirmed.
Chambers blamed God for "the death, destruction and widespread terror of millions upon millions of Earth's inhabitants".
Chambers, a skeptic, argues that his legal case is "unfounded" and "anyone can sue anyone".
The story presented in the French opera, by Camille Saint-Saens, is of an artist "whose life is defined by a love of drugs and Japan".
As a result, the performers smoke cannabis smoke on stage, and the theater itself encourages the audience to join in.
Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, Texas governor Rick Perry, and Congresswoman Michele Bachmann finished fourth, fifth, and sixth, respectively.
After the results came in, Gingrich praised Santorum, but had harsh words for Romney, whose advert aired a negative campaign against Gingrich in Iowa on his behalf.
Perry stated that he would "return to Texas to assess the caucus result tonight, decide if there is a path forward for me in this race", but later said that he would stay in the race and compete in the South Carolina race on January 21.
Bachmann, who won the Ames Grass Ball in August, decided to end his campaign.
The photographer was transported to UCLA Ronald Reagan Medical Center, where he later died.
In a statement, Bieber said "while I was not present or directly involved in this tragic accident, my thoughts and prayers are with the victim's family".
Entertainment news website TMZ understands that the photographer had stopped his vehicle on the other side of Sepulveda Boulevard and tried to take pictures of the police before crossing the road and continuing, prompting a California Highway Patrol police officer who was directing traffic to order him to cross back, twice.
According to police, the driver of the vehicle that hit the photographer is unlikely to face criminal charges.
With only eighteen medals available on the day, several countries have failed to reach the medal podium.
They include the Netherlands, with Anna Jochemsen finishing ninth in the women's standings in yesterday's Super-G, and Finland with Katja Saarinen finishing tenth in the same event.
Mitchell Gourley finished eleventh in the men's Super-G standing and Czech Republic competitor Oldrich Jelinek finished nineteenth in the men's Super-G sitting.
Arly Velasquez of Mexico finished fifteenth in the men's Super-G sitting. Adam Hall of New Zealand finished ninth in the men's Super-G standing.
The visually impaired Polish skier Maciej Krezel and his guide Anna Ogarzynska finished thirteenth in the Super-G. Jong Seork Parh of South Korea finished thirty-fourth in the men's Super-G sitting.
UN peacekeepers, who arrived in Haiti after the 2010 earthquake, are blamed for the spread of the disease that began near the soldiers' camp.
According to the lawsuit, waste from the United Nations camp was not properly disposed of, causing bacteria to enter the bottom of the Artibonite River, one of Haiti's largest.
Before the arrival of the troops, Haiti had not encountered problems related to the plague since the 1800s.
The Institute for Peace and Democracy in Haiti has cited independent studies suggesting that the UN Nepal peacekeeping battalion brought the disease to Haiti unwittingly.
Danielle Lantagne, a UN expert on the disease, said the cases were likely caused by the civilians.
Hamilton confirmed that Howard University Hospital had admitted the patient in a stable condition.
The patient had been in Nigeria, where some cases of Ebola virus have occurred.
The hospital has followed a protocol for infection control, including isolating the patients from others to prevent the possible infection of others.
Prior to The Simpsons, Simon had worked on a number of shows in various capacities.
During the 1980s she worked on such shows as Taxi, Cheers, and The Tracy Ullman Show.
In 1989 he helped create The Simpsons with Brooks and Groening, and was responsible for hiring the show's initial writing team.
Although he left the show in 1993, he retained the title of executive producer, and continued to receive tens of millions of dollars each season in royalties.
Earlier, Xinhua, the Chinese news agency, reported that a plane had been hijacked.
Later reports noted that the plane had received a bomb threat and was diverted back to Afghanistan, landing in Kandahar.
Early reports say the plane had been diverted back to Afghanistan after being refused emergency landing at Ürümqi.
Air accidents are common in Iran, which has an aging fleet that is poorly maintained and preserved for civilian as well as military operations.
International sanctions have meant that it is not possible to buy new aircraft.
Earlier this week, a police helicopter fell from the sky, killing three people and injuring three others.
Last month Iran saw its worst air disaster in years when a plane crashed en route to Armenia, killing all 168 on board.
In the same month another plane ran over the runway of the Mashad landing and hit the wall, killing two of the sixteen.
Aerosmith have canceled the remaining concerts on their tour.
The rock band was to tour around the United States and Canada until September 16.
They have cancelled the tour after lead singer Steven Tyler was injured after falling off the stage during a performance on August 5.
Murray lost the first set in a draw after both men kept every serve in the set.
Del Potro had the advantage in the second set, but this also required a draw after going 6-6.
Potro received treatment for his shoulder at this time but was able to return to the game.
The program started at 8:30 p.m. local time (15.00 UTC).
Famous singers across the country presented bhajanas, or devotional songs, to Shri Shyam's feet.
The evening was started by the singer Sanju Sharma, and then Jai Shankar Choudhary also introduced the bhajan chhappan bhog.
Then Lakkha Singh started leading in singing the bhajans.
108 plates of Chhappan Bhog (in Hindwaeth, 56 different edible items, such as lotion, fruits, nuts, and shake were offered to the devotees) were served to Baba Shyam.
Lakkha Singh also introduced the bhajan chhappan bhog.
At the main presentation of the Tokyo Games Show on Thursday, Nintendo president Satoru Iwata unveiled the design of the controller for the company's new Nintendo Revolution console.
Similar to a TV remote control, the controller uses two sensors positioned close to the user's television to triangulate its position in three-dimensional space.
This will allow players to control actions and movements in video games by moving the device in the air.
Giancarlo Fisichella lost control of his car and the race ended very soon after it started.
His teammate Fernando Alonso was in the lead for most of the race, but ended it immediately after his repair stop, due to a wrongly placed front right wheel apparently.
Michael Schumacher ended his race just behind Alonso, due to the damage to the car's suspension in the numerous battles during the race.
"She's very pretty and sings quite well too", he said according to a transcript of the news conference.
I was touched every time we practiced this, from the bottom of my heart.
About 3 minutes into the launch, a camera on the rocket's dashboard showed several pieces of insulating foam cut off from the fuel tank.
However, they are not believed to have caused any damage to the trolley.
NASA's space shuttle program chief N. Wayne Hale Jr. said the spacecraft had crashed "after the time we are concerned about".
Five minutes into the exhibition the wind starts blowing in, about a minute later, the wind reaches 70 kilometers per hour...now the rain comes, but so hard and so big that it hits your skin like a hail, then a hail fell from the air, people in panic and screaming and running over each other.
"I met my sister and her friend, and on my way there were two disabled people in wheelchairs with people jumping over them and pushing them", said Armand Versace.
NHK also reported that the Kashiwazaki Kariwa nuclear power plant in the Niigata prefecture was operating normally.
Hokuriku Electric Power Co. reported that there were no effects from the earthquake and that the No. 1 and 2 reactors at their nuclear plant in Shika had been shut down.
It is reported that about 9400 households in the region have no water and about 100 without electricity.
Some roads have been damaged, rail service has been disrupted in the affected areas, and Noto Airport in Ishikawa Prefecture is still closed.
One bomb exploded outside the governor general's office.
Three more bombs exploded near government buildings in a two-hour period.
Some reports put the official death toll at eight, and official reports confirm that up to 30 have been injured; but we don't know what the final numbers are yet.
Nitric acid and melamine have been found in urine samples from livestock that died after eating contaminated livestock feed.
The two compounds interact to form crystals that can inhibit the function of the kidneys, say researchers at the university.
The researchers observed crystals formed in cat urine by adding melamine and hydrogen cyanide.
The composition of these crystals is consistent with those found in the urine of affected domestic animals when compared by infra-red spectroscopy (FTIR).
I don't know if you realize it or not, but most of the goods from Central America came into this country untouched.
However, eighty percent of our goods were taxed through tariffs in Central America. We're treating you.
That didn't make sense to me; it certainly wasn't fair.
All I'm saying to people is that you treat us the way we treat you.
California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger signed a bill into law that prohibits the sale or rental of violent video games to minors.
The bill requires violent video games sold in the state of California to be labeled with a decal saying "18" and makes it punishable their sale to anyone under 18 with a fine of $1000 for each offense.
The Director of Public Prosecutions, Keir Starmer QC, issued a statement this morning "publishing the prosecution of Huhne as well as Pryce.
Huhne has resigned and will be replaced in the cabinet by Ed Davy, while Norman Lamb is expected to take over as Business Minister.
Huhne and Pryce are expected to appear at the Crown Court in St. Stephen on February 16.
The deaths were Nicholas Alden, 25, and Zachary Cuddeback, 21.
Edgar Veguilla suffered injuries to his arm and leg, and Kristoffer Schneider needed reconstructive surgery on his face.
He has a broken nose and a broken jaw, and a fractured skull and a face rebuilt from titanium.
Schneider testified via video link from a USAF base in his homeland.
Beyond Wednesday's event, Carpanedo competed in two individual races at the Championships.
His first was the Slalom, where Unfinished won his first race.
Her other race, the Grand Slalom, saw her finish tenth in the women's sitting group race with a combined running time of 4:41.30, 2:11.60 minutes slower than first-place finisher Claudia Loesch of Austria, and 1:09.02 minutes slower than ninth-place finisher Gyöngyi Dani of Hungary.
Four skaters in the women's sitting group finished their relays, and 45 out of a total of 117 skaters finished in the Grand Slalom.
Madhya Pradesh police found the stolen laptop and mobile phone.
Deputy Inspector General D K Arya said, "We have arrested five people who raped the Swiss woman and have recovered her mobile phone and laptop".
The names of the accused are Baba Kanjar, Bhutha Kanjar, Rampro Kanjar, Gaza Kanjar and Vishnu Kanjar.
Senior police inspector Chandra Shekhar Solanki said the suspects had appeared in court with their faces covered.
Although there were three people inside the house when the car struck it, none of them were injured.
However, the driver suffered serious head injuries.
The road where the accident occurred was temporarily closed as the emergency services released the driver from the red Audi TT.
He was initially admitted to the James Paget Hospital in Great Yarmouth.
He was then transferred to Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cardiff.
Adekoya has been in the Charing Cross County Court since being charged with the murder of his son.
She is in custody pending an indictment and trial, but any eye-witness evidence could be corrupted because her image has been published.
This is common practice elsewhere in the UK but justice in Scotland works differently and courts have looked at publishing photos as something that could be prejudicial.
Professor Pamela Ferguson of the University of Dundee notes that "journalists are treading a dangerous line if they publish inaccurate images of suspects".
The Crown Office, which has overall responsibility for prosecutions, has suggested to journalists that no further comment will be given until at least the fall.
The document, according to the secret tower, will refer to the border dispute, which Palestine wants to be based on the borders before the 1967 Middle East War.
Other topics that are discussed include the future status of Jerusalem as holy to both nations and the issue of the Jordan Valley.
Israel demands a continuous military presence in the valley for ten years once the agreement is signed while the PA agrees to leave such a presence for five years only.
Shooters in the additional pest control trial would be closely supervised by guards, as the trial is monitored and its effectiveness evaluated.
In a partnership of NPWS and the Sporting Scouts Association of Australia (NSW) Inc, eligible volunteers were recruited, under the Sporting Scouts Association's expansion program.
According to Mick O'Flynn, the Park's Interim Director of Conservation and Heritage with NPWS, the four shooters selected for the first shooting campaign received comprehensive safety instructions and training.
Martelly swore in a new nine-member Provisional Electoral Council (CEP) yesterday.
This is Martelly's fifth CEP in four years.
Last month a presidential commission recommended the resignation of the previous CEP as part of a package of measures to move the country towards new elections.
The commission was Martelly's response to widespread anti-government protests that began in October.
The sometimes violent protests were triggered by the failure to hold elections, which had been due to take place since 2011.
About 60 cases of defective iPods overheating have been reported, causing a total of six fires and leaving four people with minor burns.
Japan's Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) said it had been aware of 27 accidents involving the devices.
Last week, METI announced that Apple had notified it of 24 additional cases of over-patching, with the company calling them "not serious".
The administration responded by calling Apple's termination of the report "truly regrettable".
The Mariana earthquake struck at 07:19 a.m. local time (09:19 p.m.
The Northern Marianas Emergency Management Office said no casualties had been reported in the nation.
The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center also said there was no sign of a tsunami.
A former Filipino policeman has kept tourists from Hong Kong in suspense by hijacking their bus in Manila, the capital of the Philippines.
Rolando Mendoza fired his M16 rifle at the tourists.
Several hostages have been rescued and at least six have been confirmed dead so far.
Six prisoners, including the children and the elderly, were released early, along with the Filipino photographers.
The photographers later replaced an elderly woman who needed the toilet.
Liggins followed in his father's footsteps and went into a career in medicine.
He trained as an obstetrician and began working at the Auckland National Women's Hospital in 1959.
While working at the hospital, Liggins began researching premature abortion during his spare time.
His research showed that if a hormone was given, it would accelerate the maturation of the lungs of the baby in the womb.
Xinhua reported that government researchers discovered two "black box" flight recorders on Wednesday.
Co-wrestlers also paid tribute to Luna.
Tommy Dreamer said "Luna was the first Queen of the Empire. My first manager. Luna died on the night of the two lions. Unique just like her. A strong woman".
Dustin "Goldust" Runnels commented that "Luna is so strange to me...more so perhaps...I love her and I will see her desires...hope she is in a better place".
Out of 1,400 people polled before the 2010 federal election, those opposed to Australia becoming a republic grew by 8 percent since 2008.
Acting Prime Minister Julia Gillard claimed during the 2010 election campaign that she believed Australia should become a republic at the end of the reign of Queen Elizabeth II.
Thirty-four percent of those surveyed share this view, wanting Queen Elizabeth II to be Australia's last queen.
At the end of the survey, 29 per cent of those surveyed believed that Australia should become a republic as soon as possible, while 31 per cent thought that Australia should never become a republic.
The Olympic gold medalist was to have swum in the 100m and 230m freestyle and in three relay races at the Commonwealth Games, but due to her problems there is doubt about her fitness.
He has not been able to take the drugs needed to overcome his pain as they have been banned from the Games.
Curtis Cooper, a mathematician and computer science professor at the University of Central Missouri, has discovered the largest known prime number to date on January 25.
The discovery was verified by several individuals using hardware and software by early February and was published on Tuesday.
Comets may have been the source of water for the earth as well as organic matter capable of forming proteins and sustaining life.
Scientists hope to understand how planets form, especially how the Earth formed, since comets have collided with the Earth long ago.
Cuomo, 53, took office as governor earlier this year and signed a bill last month legalizing same-sex marriage.
He referred to the rumors as "political and profane".
He is rumored to be running for president in 2016.
NextGen is a system that the FAA claims would allow aircraft to fly on shorter routes and save millions of gallons of fuel each year and reduce carbon emissions.
It uses satellite-based technology rather than older ground-based radar technology to enable air traffic controllers to position aircraft in more detail and provide more detailed information to pilots.
No additional transport is arranged and no above ground trains will stop at Wembley, and no car parking or parking and travel facilities are available at the stadium.
Fears of a lack of transportation raised the possibility that the game would be forced to be played behind closed doors without the team's fans.
A study published Thursday in the journal Science reported the formation of a new bird species on Ecuador's Galápagos Islands.
Researchers from Princeton University in the United States and Uppsala University in Sweden reported that a new species has evolved in just two generations, although this process is believed to have taken much longer, due to a crossing between the endemic Darwin's pine, Geospiza fortes, and the invasive cactus pine, Geospiza conirostris.
And the gold shall be for all manner of figures; it shall be turned into small figures.
It can be drawn into thin wires, which can be turned and folded. It can be printed or rolled into pages.
It can be made very thin, and glued onto another metal. It can be made so thin that it is sometimes used to decorate the hand-painted images in books called "adorned manuscripts".
This is called the pH of a chemical. You can make an indicator using red peach juice.
The brine juice changes color depending on how acidic or basic (alkaline) the chemical is.
The pH level is indicated by the amount of Hydrogen ions (H is pH) in the chemical being tested.
Hydrogen ions are protons with their electrons removed (since hydrogen atoms consist of one proton and one electron).
Roll the two dry powders together and then, with clean wet hands, crush them into a ball.
The moisture on your hands will react with the outer layers, which will feel strange and form a kind of rock.
The cities of Harappa and Mohenjo-daro had a flooded toilet in almost every house, connected by a complex sewer system.
Remains of philanthropic systems have been found in the Minoan cities of Crete and Santorini in Greece.
Toilets also existed in ancient Egypt, Persia and China. In Roman civilization, toilets were sometimes part of public baths where men and women were together in a mixed company.
When you call someone who's thousands of miles away, you're using a satellite.
The moon in space receives the call and then reflects it back down, almost instantly.
The moon was launched into space by a rocket. Scientists use telescopes in space because the Earth's atmosphere distorts some of our light and view.
It takes a huge rocket over 100 feet high to put a satellite or telescope into space.
The wheel has changed the world in amazing ways, but the biggest thing it's done for us is it's made transportation much easier and faster.
It has brought the train, the car, and many other transportation devices to us.
From these there are larger moderate-sized cats that eat medium-sized predators ranging from rabbits to antelopes and deer.
Finally, many small cats (including free-ranging domestic cats) eat the much more numerous small predators such as insects, horses, dogs and birds.
The secret to their success is the concept of the kilt, a special job of every cat that keeps it from competing with others.
Lions are the most social of the cats, living in large groups called colonies.
A litter consists of one to three adult male lions per litter, along with up to thirty females and juveniles.
The women are usually closely related, a large family of sisters and daughters.
Lion's tails behave very similarly to those of foxes or dogs (but not other big cats), and are very dangerous to their prey as well.
A good all-round athlete, the tiger is able to climb (though not well), swim, jump large distances and pull with five times the strength of a strong human.
The tiger is in the same group (Genus Panthera) as lions, leopards and jaguars. These four cats are the only ones that can roam.
The roar of a lion is not like the roar of a lioness, but is more like a sentence of words uttered in a loud voice.
The Osceolate likes to eat small animals: he catches monkeys, lizards, horses and birds if he can, almost all the animals that the Osceolate is smaller than himself.
Scientists think that oselotiads follow and find animals to eat (prey) by spying, sensing where they have been on land.
They can see very well in the dark with night vision, and move very smoothly, too. Osceotians increase their alertness by adapting to their environments and then jumping on their alert.
When a small group of living things (a small population) is separated from the main population it came from (such as if it moved across a range of mountains or a river, or if it moved to a new island so that it is not easily moved back) it will often find itself in a different environment to the one it was in before.
This new environment has different resources and different competitors, so the new population will need different characteristics or adaptations to be a strong competitor compared to what they needed before.
The original population has not changed at all, they still need the same adaptations as before.
Over time, as the new population begins to adapt to their new environment, they begin to look less and less like the other population.
Eventually, after thousands or even millions of years, the two populations will look so different that they cannot be called the same species.
We call this process "pregnancy", which simply means the formation of a new species.
Plants make oxygen that humans breathe in, and they absorb carbon dioxide that humans exhale (i.e., exhale).
Plants make their food from the sun by photosynthesis. They also provide shade.
We make our homes from plants, we make clothes from plants, we eat most of our food from plants, and without plants, animals could not survive.
Moses was the foremost predator of his day, so he feared nothing but other people.
Its long mouth was filled with more than 70 highly incisive teeth, plus an extra set of teeth in the back of its mouth, meaning it had no escape from anything that would cross its path.
We do not know for sure, but it may have had a forked tongue. Its diet included shrimp, large fish, other mosasaurs, and it may even have been a cannibal.
It also attacked anything that entered the water; a dinosaur carcass like T. rex would not even be equal to it.
While most of their food would be familiar to us, the Romans had their share of strange or unusual feast items, including wild ducks, peacocks, mutton, and a type of pea called pathew.
Another difference was that while the poor people and women ate their food while sitting in chairs, the rich men liked to have feasts together by sitting on their benches while they ate their food dishes.
Ancient Roman cuisine could not have included foods that were brought to Europe from America or Asia in later centuries.
For example, they had no rice, no tomatoes, no tomatoes, no cocoa, and the same Roman never tasted turkey.
The Babylonians built a magnificent temple for each of their gods, which they considered to be the home of that god.
People would bring sacrifices to the gods and the priests would try to satisfy the needs of the gods through ceremonies and festivals.
Each temple had a doorway and then a sixth inner temple that only the priests could enter.
Sometimes special pyramid-shaped towers, called siguratas, were built to be part of the temples.
The top of the tower was a hexagram dedicated to the god.
In the warm Middle Eastern climate, the house was not so important.
Most of the Hebrew family life took place outdoors.
The women cooked in the courtyard; the shops had open counters overlooking the street.
There were no large forests in the lands of Canaan, so wood was very expensive.
The island was thinly wooded. In the Norwegian sagas it is said that Erik the Red was exiled from Iceland for murder, and travelling further west, he found the island and called it the Isle of Wood.
But despite its discovery, Eskimo tribes were already living in the area at the time.
Although all countries were "Scandinavian", there were many differences between the people, kings, customs and history of Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Iceland.
If you've seen the movie National Treasure, you might think that a treasure map was written on the back of the Declaration of Independence.
However, that is not true. Although there is something written on the back of the document, it is not a treasure map.
Inscribed on the back of the Declaration of Independence were the words "Original Declaration of Independence dated July 4, 1776". The text appears at the bottom of the document, upside down.
Although no one knows for sure who wrote it, it is known early in his life that the large femur document (it measured 29 inches by 24 1/2 inches) was rolled up for storage.
Therefore, it is likely that the notation was added as a label only.
The D-Day landings and subsequent fighting had liberated northern France, but the south was still not free.
They were controlled by the "Vichy" French, who had agreed to peace with the Germans in 1940 and cooperated with the invaders rather than fight them.
On 15 August 1940, the Allies attacked the south of France, the attack was called "Operation Dragoon".
In just two weeks the Americans and Free French forces had liberated southern France and turned toward Germany.
A culture is an individual culture that is shared by a large significant group of people who live together and work together as a society.
The word "civilization" comes from the Latin civilis, meaning civic, belonging to the Latin civis, meaning citizen, and civitas, meaning city or city-state, and that somehow defines the size of the society.
City-states are the predecessors of nations. Authentic culture implies the transmission of knowledge across multiple generations, a lasting cultural legacy and equitable dissemination.
Small cultures often disappear without leaving relevant historical evidence and fail to be recognized as proper successors.
During the Revolutionary War, the thirteen states first formed a weak central government - with only Congress as a constituent - under the Articles of Confederation.
Congress had no power to enforce taxes, and, because it had no national executive or judiciary, it relied on state authorities, often incooperative, to enforce all its laws.
He also had no authority to set the laws of taxation and tariffs between the provinces.
The Articles required unanimous consent by all the states before they could be amended and the states were so disenfranchised from the central government that their representatives were often absent.
The Italy national football team, along with the Germany national football team, is the second most successful team in the world and were the 2006 FIFA World Cup champions.
Popular sports include football, basketball, volleyball, water polo, fencing, rugby, cycling, ice hockey, roller hockey and Formula 1 car racing.
Winter sports are most popular in the Northern regions, with Italians competing in international games and Olympic events.
Japan has nearly 7,000 islands (the largest is Honshu), making Japan the 7th largest island in the world!
Because of the cluster of islands that Japan has, Japan is often referred to, geographically, as an "island".
The origin of Taiwan goes back to the 15th century where passing European sailors recorded the island's name as Ilha Formosa, or beautiful island.
In 1624, the Dutch East India Company established a base in southwestern Taiwan, initiating a transformation in grain production practices and employing Chinese laborers to work on its rice and sugar plantations.
In 1683, Qing dynasty (1644-1912) forces took control of the western and northern coastal areas of Taiwan and declared Taiwan a province of the Qing Empire in 1885.
In 1895, after losing the First Sino-Japanese War (1894-1895), the Qing government signs the Treaty of Shimonoseki, ceding sovereignty over Taiwan to Japan, which controlled the island until 1945.
Machu Picchu consists of three main structures, the Intihuatana, the Temple of the Sun, and the Three Window Room.
Most of the buildings on the edges of the complex have been rebuilt to give tourists a better idea of how they originally looked.
By 1976, thirty percent of Machu Picchu had been restored and restoration work continues to this day.
For example, the most common still image photography format in the world is 35mm, which was the earliest film size at the end of the analogue film era.
It is still produced today, but more importantly its aspect ratio has been inherited by image sensor formats of digital cameras.
36mm wide by 24mm high is actually the 35mm format, which is a bit confusing.
Thus the aspect ratio of this format (divided by twelve to get the simplest integer ratio) is said to be 3:2.
Many common formats (the APS family of formats, for example) are equivalent to or roughly equivalent to this aspect ratio.
The often-abused and overlooked rule of thirds is a simple guide that creates dynamics while maintaining orderly measurement in an image.
It states that the most effective location for the main subject is at the intersection of lines dividing the image into vertical and horizontal lines (see example).
During this period in European history, the Catholic Church, which had become rich and powerful, came under scrutiny.
For over a thousand years, Christianity had held Europe together despite differences in language and customs.
His all-pervasive power affected everyone from king to commoner.
One of the main Christian beliefs is that wealth should be used to alleviate suffering and poverty and that the church's funds are there specifically for that reason.
The central authority of the church had been in Rome for over a thousand years and arweiniai this concentration of power and much money to question whether this creed was being answered.
Shortly after the war began, Britain launched a blockade against the German fleet.
The strategy proved effective, blocking vital military and civilian supplies, although this blockade breached generally accepted international law codified by several international treaties of the last two centuries.
Britain drilled international waters to prevent any ships from entering entire sections of ocean, endangering even neutral ships.
As this tactic had a limited response, Germany expected a similar response to its unrestricted maritime warfare.
During the 1920s, the dominant attitudes of most citizens and nations were pacifism and isolationism.
After witnessing the horrors and the horror of war during World War I, the nations wanted to avoid a similar situation in the future.
In 1884, Tesla moved to the United States to accept a position with the Edison Company in New York City.
He arrived in the U.S. with 4 cents to his name, a book of poetry, and a letter of recommendation from Charles Batchelor (his manager in his previous position) to Thomas Edison.
Ancient China had a unique way of marking different time periods; each era of China or each family in power was a distinct dynasty.
There was also a period of instability with states divided between each kingdom. The most famous of these periods was the Three Kingdoms period which occurred for 60 years between the Han and Jin Empires.
During these periods there was a fierce struggle between many nobles who fought for the throne.
The Three Kingdoms was one of the bloodiest periods in the history of Ancient China; thousands of people died fighting for the top seat in the great palace at Xi'an.
There are a number of social effects such as the use of the metric system, the move from absolutism to republicanism, nationalism and the belief that the country belongs to the people not to a single ruler.
Also, occupations were open to all male candidates after the Revolution, enabling the most ambitious and successful to succeed.
The same was true of soldiers because instead of the ranks of the army being based on class they were now based on the quality of the gun.
The French Revolution also inspired many other working class people who were under repression in other countries to start their own revolutions.
Muhammad had a great interest in matters beyond this pious life. He used to go to a cave that came to be called "Hira" on Mount "Noor" (light) for meditation.
the cave itself, which has survived the times, gives a very vivid picture of Muhammad's spiritual tendencies.
Lying on the summit of one of the mountains to the north of Mecca, the cave is completely isolated from the rest of the world.
In fact, it's not easy to find at all, even if you know it exists.
Nothing is visible except the beautiful clear sky above and the many surrounding mountains. Very little of this world can be seen or heard from inside the cave.
The Great Pyramid at Giza is the only one of the Seven Wonders of the World still standing today.
Built by the Egyptians in the third century BCE, the Great Pyramid is one of several large pyramid structures built to honor deceased Pharaohs.
The Giza Plateau, or "Giza Necropolis" in Egypt's Valley of the Dead, contains a number of pyramids (the Great Pyramid being the largest), a number of small tombs, a number of temples, and the Great Sphinx.
The Great Pyramid was created to honor the Pharaoh Khufu, and many of the smaller pyramids, tombs, and temples were built to honor Khufu's wives and family members.
The "up" mark looks like a V and the "down" mark looks like a staple or square with its bottom side missing.
Up means you should start at the front and push the bow, and down means you should start at the link (where your hand is holding the bow) and pull the bow.
An upward bow usually produces a louder sound, while a downward bow is stronger and more distinct.
You are welcome to mark your own marks with a pencil, but remember that the bullet marks are there for a musical reason, so they should be treated with respect as usual.
King Louis XVl, Queen Marie Antoinette and their two young children (Marie Therese aged 11 and Louis-Charles aged 4) and the King's sister, Madam Elizabeth, were forcibly returned to Paris from Versailles on 6 October 1789 by a mob of market women.
In a chariot, they rode back to Paris surrounded by a mob of people screaming and shouting threats against the King and Queen.
The crowd forced the King and Queen to have their car windows opened wide.
At one point a member of the clan beheaded a royal guard who was killed in front of the Queen who feared for her life.
The imperial war expenditure of the United States in the Philippines conquest was paid by the Filipino people themselves.
They were forced to pay taxes to the U.S. colonial system to pay a large amount of the expense and interest on funds raised in the name of the Philippine government through Wall Street banking houses.
Of course, the special profits from exploiting the Filipino people would be equivalent to the basic profits of the U.S. empire.
To understand the Templars you must understand the context that prompted the creation of the order.
The era in which the events occurred is commonly referred to as the High Middle Ages, the period of European history in the eleventh, twelfth, and thirteenth centuries (OC 10001300).
The High Middle Ages were preceded by the Early Middle Ages and followed by the Late Middle Ages, traditionally ending around 1500.
Technological determinism is a term that encompasses a wide variety of ideas in practice, from pushing technology or technological necessity to a strict sense that human destiny is motivated by fundamental reasoning associated with scientific laws and their implication in technology.
Most interpretations of technological determinism share two general ideas: that the development of technology itself follows a path beyond broadly cultural or political influence, and that technology in turn has "effects" on existing, rather than socially conditioned, societies.
For example, someone might say that the motor car inevitably leads to the development of roads.
However, the road network across the country is not economically viable for the rental of cars alone, so new production methods are being developed to reduce the cost of owning a car.
Mass car ownership also leads to higher numbers of accidents on the roads, which leads to the invention of new techniques in health care for repairing damaged bodies.
There was a great element of cultural determination in Romanticism, drawn from writers such as Goethe, Fichte, and Schlegel.
In the Romantic context, geography shaped individuals, and over time gave rise to customs and culture that belonged to that geography, and these, existing in harmony with the place of society, were preferable to orthodox laws.
As Paris is known as the contemporary fashion capital of the world, Castell Gistennin was considered the fashion capital of medieval Europe.
Its fame as a center of wealth began about 400 AD and lasted until about 1100 AD.
Its status declined during the twelfth century, mainly due to the fact that Crusaders returned bringing gifts such as herbs and spices that were worth more than what Byzantine markets offered.
This was when the title of the Fascist Capital was transferred from Constantinople to Paris.
Gothic style reached its zenith between the 10th-11th centuries and the 14th century.
At first, clothing was heavily influenced by the Byzantine culture in the east.
However, as a result of the slow communication channels, fashions in the west may be lagging behind by as much as 25 to 30 years.
Towards the end of the Middle Ages, Western Europe began to develop its own style of dress. One of the major developments of the age as a result of the Crusades, people began to use buttons to close clothes.
Conservation agriculture is agriculture that is done to produce enough food to meet the needs of the farmer and his/her family only.
Crop rotation is a simple, often organic, system that uses preserved seeds native to the ecoregion along with crop rotation or other fairly simple techniques to ensure the maximum possible yield.
Historically most farmers engaged in conservation agriculture and this is still true in many developing nations.
Subcultures bring together like-minded individuals who feel neglected by social norms and allow them to develop a sense of identity.
Subcultures can be unique because of the age, ethnicity, class, location, and/or gender of the members.
The qualities that define a subculture as unique can be linguistic, aesthetic, religious, political, sexual, geographical, or a combination of factors.
Members of a subculture often show their generosity through a unique and symbolic use of style, which includes fashions, customs, and idiom.
One of the most common ways used to illustrate the importance of socialization is to draw on the few unfortunate cases of children who were not, through neglect, abuse, or intentional abuse, socialized by adults as they grew up.
Some children have been taken captive by humans (usually their own parents); in some cases the children were abandoned because the parents refused to accept the child's severe intellectual or physical disability.
Abused children may have experienced severe abuse or trauma as children before being abandoned or running away.
Others are said to have been raised by animals; others are said to have lived in the wild on their own.
When raised entirely by nonhuman animals, the toddler exhibits behaviors (within physical limits) almost entirely those of the particular animal that cares for him, such as his fear of or dislike for human beings.
While project-based learning should make learning easier and more interesting, scaling goes a step further.
Scaffolding is not a method of learning but rather a support that supports individuals who are having a new learning experience such as using a new computer program or starting a new project.
Scaffolds can be both imaginary and real, in other words, a teacher is a kind of scaffold but so is the little paper clip man in Microsoft Office.
Rational scaffolds are embedded in the software and are intended to question, motivate, and explain procedures that might have been challenging for the students to handle on their own.
Children are placed in foster care for a wide variety of reasons ranging from neglect, abuse, and even bullying.
No child should have to grow up in an environment that is not nurturing, caring, and educational, but they are.
We believe that the foster care system is a safety net for these children.
Our nurturing care system is meant to provide safe homes, loving caregivers, stable education, and reliable health care.
There is nourishing care to be had to provide all the necessaries that were not provided in the home from which they were taken away.
The Internet combines elements of mass as well as interpersonal communication.
The specific characteristics of the Internet lead to additional dimensions in terms of the approach to uses and pleasures.
For example, "learning" and "socialising" are suggested as important motivations for using the Internet (James et al., 1995).
"Personal participation" and "continuous relationships" were also identified as aspects of new motivation by Eighgmey and McCord (1998) when they investigated audiences' responses to websites.
The use of video recording has led to important discoveries in the detection of micro-expressions, which are surface movements that last a few milliseconds.
In particular, it is claimed that it is possible to discover whether an individual is lying by correctly interpreting micro-signs.
In his paper The President's Speech, Oliver Sacks suggested how people who are unable to understand speech due to brain damage are able to accurately assess deafness nonetheless.
He even suggests that such abilities in interpreting human behavior may be shared by animals such as domestic dogs.
Twentieth-century research has shown that there are two pools of genetic variation: hidden and expressed.
Mutation adds a new genetic variant, and selection removes it from the pool of expressed variants.
Separation and recombination moves back and forth between two points with each generation.
Outside the shelf, it is difficult to brim with a digestive system similar to the one that humans have to satisfy its amino acid requirements from available plant resources.
Moreover, failure to do so has serious consequences: stunted growth, malnutrition, and eventual death.
The most accessible plant resources would be the proteins found in leaves and stems, but these are difficult to consume for primates like us unless they are cooked.
In contrast, animal foods (shrimp, termites, eggs) are not only easily digested, but also provide a lot of proteins containing all the essential amino acids.
All things considered, it should not surprise us that our own ancestors would have solved their "protein problem" in much the same way that chimpanzees on the reefs do today.
Sleep-crossing is the process of purposefully waking up during your normal sleep period and falling asleep a little later (10-60 minutes).
This can be easily done by using a relatively quiet alarm clock to bring you to consciousness without fully waking you.
If you find yourself resetting the clock in your bed, it can be placed on the other side of the room, forcing you to get out of bed to turn it off.
Other biorhythm-based options include drinking plenty of fluids (especially water or tea, which we know to be diuretic) before bedtime, forcing someone to go to the bathroom.
The amount of inner peace that a person has in a relationship is the opposite of the amount of darkness in a person's body and soul.
The lower the tension, the more positive the life force is present.
Enlightenment is within reach of everyone, and the only thing that stands in the way of that goal is our own negativity and negativity.
Tibetan Buddhism is based on the teachings of Buddha, but has been extended by the path of Mahayana love and by many techniques of Indian Yoga.
In principle Tibetan Buddhism is very simple. It includes Kundalini Yoga, meditation and the path of total love.
In Kundalini Yoga the Kundalini energy (energy of light) is awakened through yoga postures, breathing exercises, mantras and imagery.
The centerpiece of Tibetan meditation is the Yoga of the Godhead. Through the imagery of various gods the energy channels are cleansed, the chakras are enlivened and the consciousness of enlightenment is created.
Germany was a common enemy in World War II, leading to cooperation between the Soviet Union and the U.S.A. By the end of the war, system, process and culture conflicts had caused the Allies to be divided.
Within two years of the end of the war, the former allies were now enemies and the Cold War began.
It was to continue for the next 40 years and would be fought in real time, by land-based armies, on battlefields from Africa to Asia, in Afghanistan, Cuba, and many other places.
By 17 September 1939, the Polish defences had already been broken, and the only hope was clearing and reorganizing along the Romanian front.
However, these plans were displaced almost overnight, when over 800,000 soldiers of the Soviet Union's Red Army entered and created the fronts of Belarus and Ukraine after attacking the eastern regions of Poland in violation of the Peace of Riga, the Soviet-Polish Non-Aggression Pact, and other international agreements, bilateral as well as multilateral.
The use of ships to transport goods is by far the most efficient way to move large numbers of people and goods across oceans.
The job of courts has traditionally been to ensure that your country maintains the ability to move your people and your goods, while at the same time, interfering with your enemy's ability to move its people and its goods.
One of the most notable recent examples of this was the North Atlantic campaign of World War II, in which the Americans attempted to move men and materials across the Atlantic to aid the British.
At the same time, the German navy was trying to stop this traffic, using U-boats primarily.
If the Allies had failed, it is likely that Germany would have been able to overcome Britain as it did the rest of Europe.
Goats appear to have been domesticated for the first time about 10,000 years ago in the Zagros Mountains of Iran.
Ancient cultures and tribes began to keep them for easy access to milk, hair, meat and fur.
Domesticated goats were generally kept in herds that roamed hills or other grazing areas, often tended by goat herders, usually children or young people, similar to the more well-known shepherd.
Wagon roads were built in England as early as the 16th Century.
Although wagon tracks consisted of parallel wooden planks only, they enabled horses to be pulled to achieve higher speeds and to pull larger loads than on the slightly rougher roads of the period.
Line slippers were introduced fairly early to hold the tracks in place, but gradually it was realised that tracks would be more efficient if they had a strip of iron on top.
This became common practice, but the excess iron caused strain on the wooden wheels of the wagons.
Eventually, wooden columns were replaced by iron ones. In 1767, the first full iron rails were introduced.
Walking was the first known mode of travel, humans began walking precisely two million years ago with the appearance of Homo Erectus (meaning erect man).
Their predecessors, the Australopithecus, did not walk sideways as often.
Two-legged arthropods are found in Australopithecus fossils from 4.2-3.9 million years ago, although Sahelanthropus may have walked on two legs as early as seven million years ago.
We can start living more environmentally friendly, we can join the environmental movement, and we can even be activists to reduce future suffering to some extent.
This is just like symptomatic treatment in many cases, but if we want more than just a temporary solution, then we should find the root of the problems, and we should alleviate them.
Clearly, the world has changed greatly because of mankind's scientific and technological advances, and problems have increased because of mankind's overpopulation and unpredictable way of life.
After it was adopted by Congress on July 4, a draft in manuscript signed by Congress President John Hancock and Secretary Charles Thomson was sent a few blocks away to John Dunlap's print shop.
Overnight, between 150 and 200 copies were made, now known as "Dunlap sheets".
The first public reading of this document by John Nixon was in the courtyard of Independence Hall on July 8.
One was sent to George Washington on July 6, and was read to his troops in New York on July 9. A copy arrived in London on August 10.
The 25 Dunlap manuscripts known to still exist are the oldest surviving copies of the document.
Many paleontologists today believe that one group of dinosaurs survived and is alive today: we call them birds.
Many people don't think of them as dinosaurs because they have a blue body and they can fly.
But there are many features of birds that still look like dinosaurs.
They have legs with claws and claws, they lay eggs, and they walk on their backs like T-Rex.
All general-purpose computers in use today are based on the processing of information encoded in the form of binary numbers.
A binary number can have only one of two values, that is 0 or 1, and these numbers are referred to as binary digits, or bits, to use computer jargon.
Internal toxicity may not be immediately apparent. Symptoms, such as rash, are sufficiently general that a diagnosis cannot be made immediately.
Perhaps the best sign of internal poisoning is the presence of an open container of a medication or toxic chemicals in the home.
Check the label for specific first aid instructions for that particular poison.
The term curious is used by entomologists formally for this group of insects.
This term derives from an old familiarity with bed bugs, which are insects highly adapted to parasitize humans.
Killer crabs and bed bugs are colorless, adapted to live in the nest or home of their host.
Across the United States, there are approximately 400,000 known cases of Multiple Sclerosis (MS), leaving it as the leading neurological disease in young and middle-aged adults.
Multiple Sclerosis is a disease that affects the central nervous system, which includes the brain, spinal cord, and optic nerve.
Research has found that women are twice as likely to develop Multiple Sclerosis as men.
A couple may decide that raising a child is not in their best interests or in the best interests of their child.
These couples can choose to make an adoption plan for their baby.
In adoption, the biological parents terminate their parental rights so that another couple can become the child's parents.
The primary goal of science is to understand the way the world works through the scientific method. In fact, this method leads most scientific research.
It is not alone however, experimentation, which is testing that is used to eliminate one or more of the possible theories, ask questions, and make observations, also informs scientific research.
Naturalists and philosophers focused on classical texts, and, in particular, on the Bible in Latin.
Aristotle's views were accepted in all areas of science, including psychology.
As understanding of Greek declined, the West found itself torn from its Greek philosophical and scientific roots.
Many observed rhythms in physiology and behavior often depend on the presence of endocrine circuits and their production by biological clocks.
Synchronous rhythms, which are not responses to external synchronous cues alone, have been documented for most living things, including bacteria, fungi, plants, and animals.
Biological clocks are self-sustaining oscillators that will continue a period of free cycling even in the absence of external cues.
The Hershey and Chase experiment was one of the earliest suggestions that DNA is genetic material.
Hershey and Chase used bacteriophages, or viruses, to implant their own DNA into a bacterium.
They conducted two experiments by either labeling the DNA in the cell with nucleic phosphorus or the cell protein with a nucleic acid filter.
Mutations can have a variety of different effects depending on the type of mutation, the significance of the piece of genetic material affected and whether the affected cells are stem cells.
Only mutations in older cells can be passed on to children, but mutations in other places can cause cells to die or cause cancer.
Nature-based tourism attracts people interested in visiting natural areas to enjoy the sights, including plant and animal wildlife.
Examples of activities at the site include hunting, fishing, photography, bird watching, and visiting parks and studying information about the ecosystem.
An example is visiting, photographing, and learning about orangutans in Borneo.
Every morning, people leave small towns in the country by car to go to their workplaces and are passed by others who go to their work destination in the place they have just left.
In this dynamic mass transport, everyone is somehow connected to a transport system based on a private car, and supports the system.
Now, science suggests that this huge carbon economy has knocked the biosphere out of one of its stable conditions that has supported human evolution for the last two billion years.
Everyone participates in society and uses transport systems. Almost everyone complains about transport systems.
In developed countries you rarely hear similar levels of complaints about water quality or collapsing bridges.
Why do transportation systems generate such complaints, why do they fail every day? Are transportation engineers incompetent? Or is something more fundamental going on?
Traffic flow is the study of the movement of drivers and individual vehicles between two locations and the interactions they make with each other.
Unfortunately, studying traffic flow is difficult because the behavior of drivers cannot be predicted with 100% certainty.
Fortunately, drivers tend to behave within a reasonable range of consistency; thus, traffic flows tend to have some reasonable consistency and can be roughly represented mathematically.
To better represent traffic flow, relationships have been established between the three main characteristics: (1) flow, (2) density, and (3) speed.
These relationships help to plan, design and implement road facilities.
The first animals to fly were primates, whose ability to fly helped them to avoid enemies more easily and to find and capture food more efficiently.
Most insects have the advantage of being able to fold their antennae back along their bodies.
This gives them a wider range of small hiding places from predators.
Today, the only insect that cannot fold its web back is the serpent's servant and the May fly.
Centuries ago, a man named Aristarchus said that the Sun moves around the Earth.
Some people thought he was right but many people believed the opposite; that the Solar System moves around the Earth, including the sun (and even the other stars).
This seems reasonable, because the Earth doesn't feel as if it's moving, does it?
The Amazon River is the second longest and largest river on Earth, carrying more than eight times as much water as the largest river.
The Amazon is also the widest river on Earth, at times six miles wide.
The Amazon provides 20 percent of the water that flows out of the planet's rivers into the oceans.
The main Amazon River is 6,387 kilometres (3,980 miles) long and collects water from thousands of smaller rivers.
Although pyramid building continued until the end of the Old Kingdom, the Giza pyramids were never surpassed in size or technical complexity.
Ancient Egyptians of the New Kingdom admired the monuments of their predecessors, which were by then well over a thousand years old.
With a population of about 800, Vatican City is the world's smallest independent state and the least populous country.
Vatican City uses Italian in its legislation and official correspondence.
Italian is also the everyday language used by most of those working in the state, while Latin is often used in religious ceremonies.
All citizens of Vatican City are Babis.
People have known about basic chemical elements such as gold, silver, and copper since ancient times, as all of these can be found in an unknown form and are relatively simple to mine with primitive tools.
The philosopher Aristotle theorized that everything was made up of a mixture of one or more of four elements: earth, water, air, and fire.
This was more appropriate to the four states of matter (in the same order): solid, liquid, gas and plasma, although he also theorized that they change to new substances to form what you see.
Alloy is basically a mixture of two or more metals.
Elements such as calcium and potassium are considered metals. Of course, there are also metals such as silver and gold.
You can also get alloys that contain a small amount of non-metallic elements like carbon.
Everything in the Universe is made of matter, and all matter is made of tiny particles called atoms.
Atoms are so incredibly small that trillions of them could fit into the full stop at the end of this sentence.
So the pencil was a good friend to a lot of people when it came out.
Unfortunately, as new ways of writing came into existence, the pencil has been eroded to less status and use.
Now people type messages on computer screens, without having to go near a printer.
One can only guess what the keyboard will be when something more new comes along.
The vacuum bomb works on the principle that it takes energy to form a nucleus with many protons and neutrons.
It's a lot like rolling a heavy barrel up a hill, and the core still releases some of that energy.
Some atoms have unstable nuclei which means they tend to break away from each other with little or no push.
The surface of the moon is made of rocks and dust. The outer layer of the moon is called the crust.
The gram is about 70 centimeters thick on the near side and about 100 centimeters thick on the far side.
It is thinner under the maria and thicker under the highlands.
There may be more moonbeams on the near side because the grain was thinner. It was easier for leprosy to rise to the surface.
Content theories focus on what drives people or what appeals to them.
These theories suggest that people have specific needs and/or wants that have been modified as they mature into adults.
These theories look at what makes certain people want the things they want and what factors in their environment will cause them to do or not do certain things.
Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs Theory and Hertzberg's Two Factor Theory are two popular content theories.
Generally speaking, two behaviors can arise as leaders begin to lead their former peers.
This type of manager has difficulty making unpopular decisions, performing disciplinary actions, performance assessments, assigning responsibility, and holding people accountable.
At the other end of the spectrum, one becomes an unrecognizable individual who feels that he or she has to change everything the team has been doing and take ownership of it.
After all, the leader is ultimately responsible for the success or failure of the team.
This behaviour often leads to friction between the leaders and the rest of the team.
The rider teams are held to the same standards as conventional teams, but there are subtle differences.
Virtual team members often act as a point of contact for their immediate physical group.
They often have more autonomy than conventional team members as it is possible that their team meets at different time zones that their local managers may not understand.
The presence of a real "invisible team" (Larson and LaFasto, 1989, p109) is also a unique component of the virtual team.
The "invisible team" is the management team to which each member reports. The invisible team sets the standards for each member.
Why would an organisation want to go through the laborious process of setting up a learning institution?
When all available resources are used effectively across the functional departments of an organisation, creativity and innovation can emerge.
As a result, the process of an organization working together to overcome a barrier can lead to a new innovative process to serve the customer's need.
Before an organisation can be innovative, leaders must create a culture of innovation as well as common knowledge and organisational learning.
Angel (2006) explains the Continuum approach as a technique used to help stabilization to reach a higher level of performance.
Neuroscientific data provide physical evidence for a theoretical approach to the investigation of cognition, thus narrowing the field of research and making it much more detailed.
The relationship between brain pathology and behavior assists scientists in their research.
It has long been known that different types of brain damage, trauma, injuries, and tumors affect behavior and cause changes in some mental functions.
Advances in new technologies are allowing us to see and investigate structures and processes of the brain that have never been seen before.
This gives us a lot of information and material for building simulation models that help us understand processes in our minds.
Although science fiction is a significant subset of Artificial Intelligence, Artificial Intelligence forms a very important branch of computing, dealing with intelligent behavior, learning and adaptation in machines.
Research in Artificial Intelligence involves making machines automate work that requires intelligent behavior.
Examples include control, planning and scheduling, the ability to answer diagnostics and customer questions, as well as handwriting, voice and facial recognition.
Such things have become separate disciplines, focused on offering solutions to real-life problems.
The AI system is now widely used in the fields of economics, medicine, engineering and the armed forces, as it is built into several home computer apps and video game software.
Field trips are an important part of any classroom. Quite often a teacher would love to take her students to places where a bus trip is not possible.
Technology offers the answer with field trips, where students can look at artifacts in museums, visit an aquarium, or admire fine art while sitting with their class.
Sharing a field trip virtually is a great way to reflect on a trip and share experiences with future classes.
For example, each year students from Bennet School in North Carolina design a website about their trip to the Nation's Capital, the website is updated annually, but old versions are kept online to serve as a book of refugees.
Blogs can also help improve student writing.While students often start their blogging experience with grammar and spelling fluency, the presence of an audience generally changes that.
Since students are often the most critical audience, the writer of the blog begins to make an effort to improve writing to avoid criticism.
Blogging also "forces pupils to become more knowledgeable about the world around them".[23] The need to feed the audience's interest inspires pupils to be competent and curious (Toto, 2004).
Blogging is a tool that inspires collaboration, and encourages students to extend learning far beyond the traditional school day.
Proper use of blogs can "stimulate students to become more analytical and critical; by actively responding to materials on the Internet, students can define their place in the context of other writings as well as outline their own views on specific issues" (Oravec, 2002).
Ottawa is Canada's moderate, bilingual capital and contains a variety of art galleries and museums that showcase Canada's past and present.
Further south is Niagara Falls and the north is home to the untouched natural beauty of Muskoka and beyond.
All of these things and more highlight Ontario as what is considered to be purely Canadian by outsiders.
Large areas further north are quite sparsely populated and some are almost uninhabited.
For a comparison that surprises many people: more African Americans live in the United States than are Canadian citizens.
The East African Islands are in the Indian Ocean off the eastern coast of Africa.
Madagascar is by far the most isolated, and wildlife-rich, continent in the world.
Most of the smaller islands are independent nations, or associated with France, and are known as luxury beach resorts.
The Arabs brought Islam to the islands as well, and it gained a large foothold in the Comoros and Mayotte.
European influence and colonialism began in the 15th century, when Portuguese explorer Vasco de Gama discovered the Peninsular Route from Europe to India.
The region is bordered to the north by the Sahel, and to the south and west by the Atlantic Ocean.
Women: It is recommended that any female visitors state that they are married, regardless of their actual marital status.
It is also helpful to wear a dress (but not one that looks too expensive).
Women should realise that cultural differences can lead to what they would consider harassment and it is not uncommon to be followed, to have your arm held, etc.
Be strong against the rejection of men, and don't be afraid to stand your ground (cultural differences or not, it doesn't make it right!).
The modern city of Casablanca was founded by Berber fishermen in the 10th century BC, and was used by the Phoenicians, Romans, and the Merenids as a strategic port named Anfa.
The Portuguese destroyed it and rebuilt it under the name Casa Branca, only to abandon it after an earthquake in 1755.
The Moroccan sultan rebuilt the city as Daru I-Badya and it was given the name Casablanca by Spanish merchants who established trading centers there.
Casablanca is one of the least interesting places to shop in all of Morocco.
Around the old Medina it is easy to find places selling traditional Moroccan goods, such as rugs, pottery, leather goods, hats, and a whole spectrum of hats, but it is all for the tourists.
Goma is a tourist city in the Democratic Republic of Congo, in the far east near Rwanda.
In 2002 Goma was destroyed by a lava from the Nyiragongo volcano that buried most of the town streets, especially the town center.
While Goma is reasonably safe, any visits outside Goma should be explored to understand the state of the ongoing fighting in North Kivu province.
The city is also the starting point for the climbing of the Nyiragongo volcano along with the tracking of the Mountain Gorillas which are among the cheapest in Africa.
You can use boda-boda (motorcycle taxis) to travel around Goma. The usual (local) price is ~500 Congolese Francs for a short trip.
Despite its relative inaccessibility, "Timbuktu" is used as a metaphor for exotic, distant lands.
Today, Timbuktu is a more prosperous town, although its good reputation makes it a tourist attraction, and it has an airport.
In 1990, it was added to the list of world heritage sites in danger, due to the threat of desertification.
It was one of the main stops during the PBS special Henry Louis Gates, Wonders of the African World.
The city is completely different from other cities in the country, as it has more Arab than African influences.
Kruger National Park (KNP) is in the north-east of South Africa and runs along the border with Mozambique to the east, Simbabawe to the north, and the southern border is the Crocodile River.
The park covers 19,500 square km and is divided into 14 different ecobars, each supporting different wildlife.
It is one of South Africa's main attractions and is considered the main symbol of the South African National Parks (SANParks).
As with all South African National Parks, there are daily conservation and access fees for the Park.
It may also be beneficial to purchase a Wild Card, which provides access to either a selection of parks or all of the South African National Parks.
Hong Kong Island gives its name to the territory of Hong Kong and is where many tourists consider it to be the main hub.
The parade of buildings forming Hong Kong's skyline has been likened to a glossy bar chart made visible by the presence of Victoria Harbour water.
For the best views of Hong Kong, leave the island and aim for the opposite Coulomb beaches.
Most of Hong Kong Island's urban development is concentrated heavily on reclaimed land along the northern coast.
This is where the British colonists took their heritage and so if you are looking for evidence of the settlement history of the territory, this is a good place to start.
The Sundarbans is the largest coastal mangrove area in the world, extending 80 kilometres (50 mi) inland from the coast of Bangladesh and India.
The Sundarbans is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Sundarbans National Park is the name of the part of the forest that is within Indian territory.
Mangrove swamps are not the only forests however - they contain some of the last remnants of the great jungles that once covered the Gangetic plain.
The Sundarbans encompasses an area of 3,850 square kilometres, of which one third is covered by water/rainforest areas.
Since 1966 the Sundurbans have been a haven for wildlife, and it is estimated that there are now 400 Bengal tigers and some 30,000 wild goats in the area.
Buses leave the inter-district bus station (across the river) throughout the day, although the majority, especially those going east and Jakar/Bumthang leave between 06:30 and 07:30.
As the buses between areas are often full, you are advised to buy a ticket a few days in advance.
Most areas are served by small, comfortable and rugged Japanese Coastal Fishing.
Shared taxis are a fast and comfortable way of travelling to nearby places, such as Paro (No. 150) and Punakha (No. 200).
The Oyapock River Bridge is a cable-stayed bridge that spans the Oyapock River connecting the cities of Oiapoque in Brazil to Saint-Georges de l'Oyapock in French Guiana.
The two waterfalls rise to a height of 83 meters, it is 378 meters long and has two channels 3.50 meters wide.
The vertical clearance under the bridge is 15 metres (49 ft).[citation needed] Construction was completed in August 2011, and it did not open to traffic until March 2017.
The bridge is expected to be fully operational in September 2017, when Brazilian customs checkpoints are expected to be completed.
The Guaraní were the most significant indigenous group living in what is now Eastern Paraguay, living as semi-nomadic hunters who also practiced subsistence agriculture.
The Chaco region was home to other groups of indigenous peoples such as the Guaycurú and Payaguá, who survived by hunting, gathering and fishing.
In the 16th century Paraguay, formerly called "The Giant Province of the Indies", was born as a result of the encounter of Spanish conquistadors with the indigenous groups.
The Spanish began the age of conquest, which lasted for three centuries.
Since the founding of Asunción in 1537, Paraguay has managed to preserve much of its indigenous character and identity.
Argentina is known for having one of the best polo teams and the best polo players in the world.
The annual tournament takes place in December on the polo fields in Las Cañitas.
There are also smaller tournaments and games at other times of the year.
For news about tournaments and where to buy tickets for polo games, check out Asociacion Argentina de Polo.
The official currency of the Falklands is the Falklands pound (FKP) and its value is the same as the value of the British pound (GBP).
Currency can be exchanged at the only bank in the islands which is located in Stanley across the road from the FIC West shop.
Generally, British pounds will be accepted anywhere in the islands and within Stanley credit cards and United States dollars are often accepted as well.
On the remote islands credit cards are likely not to be accepted, although British and US currency may be accepted; check with the owners in advance to determine what is an acceptable method of payment.
It is almost impossible to exchange the Falklands currency outside the islands, so you should exchange before leaving the islands.
As Montevideo is south of the Equator, it is summer there when it is winter in the Northern Hemisphere and vice versa.
Montevideo is in the subtropics; during the summer months, temperatures above +30°C are common.
Winter can be treacherously cold; temperatures rarely go below freezing, but the wind and humidity combine to make it feel colder than the thermometer says.
There are no specific "rainy" and "dry" seasons: the amount of hand held stays more or less the same throughout the year.
Although many of the park's animals have become accustomed to human beings, the wildlife is still wild and should not be fed or disturbed.
According to park authorities, keep at least 100 ft/m away from deer and wild boar and 25 ft/m away from all other wildlife.
However intelligent they may appear, wild boars, deer, elk, deer, and almost any large animal are capable of attack.
Each year, dozens of visitors are injured because they did not keep proper distance.These animals are large, wild and potentially dangerous, so allow them their space.
Also, be aware that snow leopards attract wildlife, so carry or cook food that will not be wasted and keep your camp clean.
Apia is the capital of Samoa, located on the island of Upolu, and has a population of just under 40,000.
Apia was founded in the 1850s and has been the official capital of Samoa since 1959.
The harbour was the site of a notorious naval dispute in 1889 when seven ships from Germany, the US and Britain refused to leave the harbour.
All but one British cruiser was sunk, with nearly 200 American and German lives lost.
During the independence struggle organized by the Mau uprising, a peaceful gathering in the town led to the assassination of Tupua chief officer Tamasese Lealofi III.
There are many beaches, as Auckland occupies two harbours.
The North Shore (in the North Harbour area) beaches are on the Pacific Ocean and extend from Long Bay in the north to Devonport in the south.
Almost all are sandy beaches with safe swimming, and most have shade provided by pohutukawa trees.
Tamaki Drive beaches are on Waitemata Harbour, in the affluent suburbs of Mission Bay and St Heliers in Central Auckland.
These are family beaches that are sometimes crowded with a good range of shops along the shore.
The main local beer is "Number One", a non-complex beer, but a desirable and refreshing one.
There are a number of wines from France available, but wines from New Zealand and Australia might travel better.
The local tap water is perfectly safe to drink, but bottled water is easy to find if you are worried.
For Australians, the idea of "flat white" coffee is foreign. An abbreviation of "espresso" is black, cappuccino comes loaded high with a shot of steam (not oats), and tea is served without milk.
The hot chocolate is up to Belgian standards. The fruit juices are expensive but excellent.
Many trips to the reef are made throughout the year, and injuries due to any of those incidents on the reef are rare.
However, you should take advice from the authorities, obey all signs, and pay close attention to safety warnings.
The box jellyfish is found near beaches and river embankments between October and April to the north of 1770.
Sharks do exist, but they rarely attack people. Most sharks are afraid of people and would swim away.
Saltwater crocodiles do not live actively in the sea, their main habitat being in river estuaries north of Rockhampton.
Booking in advance gives the traveller peace of mind that she will have a place to sleep once she reaches her destination.
Travel agents often have agreements with specific guests, although you may find it possible to book other forms of accommodation, such as camping, through a travel agent.
Travel agencies usually offer packages that include breakfast, transportation arrangements to/from the airport or even combined flight and hotel packages.
They can also keep the order for you if you need time to think about the offer or obtain other documents for your destination (e.g. visa).
However, enquiries about any changes or requests should be made through the travel agent first and not directly with the hotel.
For some holidays, the vast majority of those attending music festivals camp on site, and most attendees consider it to be an essential part of the experience.
If you want to be close to the events, you'll have to go in early to get a campground close to the music.
Although the music on the main stages has ended, remember that there may be parts of the festival that will continue to play music until late at night.
Some holidays have special camping areas for families with young children.
If you are crossing the North Baltic in winter, you should check the cabin's location, as going through a reef causes quite a terrible noise to those most affected.
Saint Petersburg excursions include time in the city. Excursion travelers are exempt from visa requirements (check terms).
Casinos typically make a great effort to maximize the time and money spent by guests. There are usually no windows or locks, and exits can be difficult to find.
They usually have special food, drink and entertainment offerings, to keep guests in a good mood, and to keep them in the building.
Some establishments offer free alcoholic beverages, but drunkenness clouds judgment, and every good gambler knows the importance of staying sober.
Anyone who is going to drive on high terrain or over mountain slopes should consider the possibility of snow, ice, or freezing temperatures.
On icy roads with snow on them, friction is low and you cannot drive as if you were on bare asphalt.
During snowstorms, there is enough snow to trap you can fall in a very short time.
Visibility can also be limited by snow falling or blowing or by edge or gray on vehicle windows.
On the other hand, icy and snowy conditions are common in many countries, and traffic remains uninterrupted for most of the year.
Safari is perhaps the biggest tourist attraction in Africa and a highlight for many visitors.
The term safari in general usage refers to overland travel to see the amazing wildlife of Africa, especially on saffron.
Some animals, such as elephants and giraffes, tend to come close to a car and standard equipment will allow good observation.
Lions, leopards and wild leopards are sometimes shy and can be seen better with a mirror.
The walking safari (often called a "wildlife safari", "hiking safari", or even "hiking") involves hiking, either for a few hours or several days.
The Paralympic Games will take place from 24 August to 5 September 2021. Some events will be held in other venues across Japan.
Tokyo will be the only Asian city to have hosted two Summer Olympic Games, having hosted the games in 1964.
If you booked your flights and accommodation for 2020 before the suspension was announced, you may be in a vulnerable situation.
Cancellation policies vary, but as of late March most coronavirus-related cancellation policies do not extend to July 2020, when the Olympic games were scheduled.
Most tickets for the event are expected to cost between ¥2,500 and ¥130,000, with regular tickets costing around ¥7,000.
Smoking wet clothes can help to dry them. Many iron pots and smoking tables are available for borrowing, even if one is not present in the room.
If an iron is not available, or if you do not wish to wear smoky legs, then you can try using a hairdryer, if one is available.
Be careful not to allow fabric to get too hot (which can cause cracking, or in extreme cases, burning).
There are different ways of drilling water, some more effective against specific threats.
In some areas boiling water for a minute is sufficient, in other areas it takes several minutes.
Filters vary in effectiveness, and if you have concerns, then you should consider buying your water in a sealed bottle from a reputable company.
Travellers may encounter plants unfamiliar to them in their home regions.
Pests can spoil food, cause painful coughing, or in worse cases cause allergic reactions, spread poison, or transmit infections.
Infectious diseases themselves, nor dangerous animals that can violently injure or kill humans, are not usually considered to be pests.
Duty-free shopping is an opportunity to buy goods that are exempt from taxes and duties in some locations.
Travelers to countries with heavy traffic can sometimes save a considerable amount of money, especially on products such as alcoholic beverages and tobacco.
The stretch between Point Marion and Fairmont presents the most challenging driving conditions on the Buffalo-Pittsburgh Expressway, often crossing through isolated rural landscapes.
If you are not used to driving on country roads, you will be surprised: sharp elbows, narrow shoulders, and sharp toes are common.
The posted speed limits are impressively lower than in previous and subsequent sections - 35-40 miles per hour is common (56-64 kilometres per hour) - and strict adherence to them is even more important than otherwise.
Strangely, however, mobile phone service is much stronger here than along many other stretches of road, e.g. the Pennsylvania Wilds.
German crust cakes are quite good, and in Mavaria, they are plump and varied, similar to some of their southern neighbour, Austria.
Fruit crust cakes are common, with apples cooked into a crust all year round, and cherries and ivory appearing during the summer.
Many baked goods from Germany include almonds, walnuts, and other tree nuts. Popular cookies often pair particularly well with a cup of strong coffee.
If you are in the mood for small but rich crust cakes, try the so-called Berliner, Pfannkuchen or Knapfen, depending on the region.
Curry is a dish based on herbs and spices, along with either meat or vegetables.
A liquid can be either "dry" or "wet" depending on the amount of liquid.
In the mainland regions of North India and Pakistan, yogurt is commonly used in curries; in South India and some other coastal regions of the subcontinent, coconut milk is commonly used.
With 17,000 islands to choose from, Indonesian cuisine is an umbrella term encompassing a huge variety of regional foods found throughout the nation.
However, when used without additional conditions, the term tends to mean the food originally from the central and eastern parts of the main island of Java.
Now widely available throughout the island, Javanese cuisine consists of a collection of simply flavoured dishes, and the main flavours favored by Javanese people are peanuts, chilies, sugar (especially Javanese coconut sugar) and various persistent spices.
The horses' feet are protected by the hooves that hang down from the middle of the horse's body.
They offer more stability to the rider but can have safety problems due to the possibility of the rider's feet getting stuck in them.
If a rider is thrown off a horse but his foot is caught in the bridle, he may be trapped if the horse runs away. To reduce this risk, a number of safety precautions can be taken.
First, most horsemen wear riding boots with a saddle and a low, fairly thin skirt.
Next, some races, especially races from England, have safety belts that allow a leather javelin to fall off the belt if it is pulled back by a falling rider.
Cochamó Cave - Chile's premier climbing destination, known as the South American Yosemite, with a variety of large granite walls and cliffs.
The summits offer spectacular mountain-top views, and climbers from all over the world are constantly establishing new routes amidst its endless potential of towers.
Snowsports, which include skiing and snowboarding, are popular sports that involve sliding down a snow-covered terrain with skis or a snowboard attached to your feet.
Skiing is a major travel activity with many pilgrims, sometimes known as "ski leaders", planning entire holidays around skiing in a particular location.
The idea of skiing is very old - cave paintings depict skiers as far back as 5000 BC!
Skiing down the valley as a camp dates back to at least the second half of the nineteenth century, and in 1861 the first recreational skiing club was opened by Norwegians in Australia.
Skiing: This activity is also called cross-country skiing, travel skiing or ski jumping.
It is related to but does not include travel on skis or alpine climbing, the latter on rough terrain and requiring much stronger skis and boots.
Think of the ski trail as a walking trail.
In good conditions you can travel far more than walking - but very rarely will you have the speed of cross-country skiing without a heavy backpack on gravel trails.
Europe is a relatively small continent but has many independent countries. Under normal circumstances, traveling through several countries would involve having to go through visa applications and passport controls many times.
The Schengen area, however, works somewhat like one country in this respect.
As long as you stay in this zone, you can generally cross borders without going through passport control checkpoints again.
Similarly, if you have a Schengen visa, you do not need to apply for visas to all Schengen countries separately, saving time, money and paperwork.
There is no general definition for which manufactured items are antiques. Some tax agencies define goods older than 100 years as antiques.
The definition has geographical variations, where the age limit may be lower in places such as North America than in Europe.
Handicraft products can be defined as antiques, although they are younger than similar mass-produced goods.
Horse husbandry is an important profession among the Sámi and the culture associated with the craft is also important to many who have other professions.
However, even traditionally, not all Sámi have been involved in carnival on a large scale, but have lived from fishing, hunting and possibly, and kept carnivals as draught animals mainly.
Today many Sámi work in modern crafts. Tourism is an important income in Sápmi, Sámi area.
Although widely used, especially among non-Romani, the word "Sipsiwn" is considered offensive due to its associations with negative stereotypes and misconceptions of Romani people.
If the country you are visiting is the subject of a travel advisory, your travel health insurance or your trip cancellation insurance may be affected.
You may also want to consult councils of governments outside your own government, but their advice is designed for their own citizens.
For example, American citizens in the Middle East might face different situations to Europeans or Arabs.
Consultation documents are a brief summary of the political situation in just one country.
The views presented are often superficial, general and simplified compared to the more detailed information available elsewhere.
Severe weather is the general term for any dangerous weather phenomenon with the potential to cause damage, serious disruption to society, or loss of human life.
Extreme weather can occur anywhere in the world, and there are different types of extreme weather, which can depend on geography, topography, and atmospheric conditions.
Strong winds, hail, excessive rainfall, and wildfires are forms and effects of severe weather, such as thunderstorms and tornadoes, tornadoes, water columns, and cyclones.
Regional and seasonal severe weather phenomena include monsoons, snowstorms, ice storms, and dust storms.
Travellers are strongly advised to be aware of any risk of severe weather affecting their area as they may affect any plans to travel.
Anyone planning to visit a country that could be considered a war zone should receive professional training.
An Internet search for "Hostile environment course" is likely to yield the address of a local company.
A course will usually cover all the issues discussed here in much more detail, usually with practical experience.
A course will usually run from 2-5 days and will include role-playing, a lot of first aid and sometimes weapons training.
Books and journals dealing with survival in the wilderness are common, but the publications dealing with war parties are rare.
Travellers planning an overseas sex reassignment operation must ensure that they are carrying valid documents for the return journey.
The willingness of governments to issue passports with an undisclosed gender (X) or updated documents to coincide with a desired name and gender varies.
The willingness of foreign governments to honor these documents varies widely.
Security checkpoints have also become much more aggressive in the aftermath of September 11, 2001.
Transgender people who have not yet had surgery should not expect to pass through the scanners with their privacy and dignity intact.
An offshore current is the current that comes back from tides that break off the beach, often in a reef or similar.
Because of the impermeable topology the returning current is concentrated in a few deeper places, and a fast current to deep water can form there.
Most deaths occur as a result of fatigue while trying to swim back against the current, which can be impossible.
Once you get out of the current, swimming back is neither more difficult nor more common.
Try to aim for somewhere where you are not caught again, or, depending on your skills and if you have been spotted, you may want to wait for rescue.
Second-entry shock occurs earlier than culture shock (it has a shorter new-age period), it persists longer, and can be more severe.
Travelers who have had an easy time adjusting to the new culture sometimes have a particularly difficult time re-adapting to their native culture.
When you return home after living abroad, you have adapted to the new culture and have lost some of the customs of your home culture.
When you first arrived in a foreign land, people were likely patient and patient with you, knowing that newcomers in a new land must adjust.
People may not anticipate that patience and understanding are also needed for returning travelers.
The pyramid light and sound show is one of the area's most popular attractions for children.
You can see the pyramids in the dark and you can see them in silence before the show starts.
Usually, you hear the sound of tourists and vendors all the time.
The Sphinx is set as a background and narrator of a long story.
The scenes are displayed on the pyramids and the different pyramids are illuminated.
The South Shetland Islands, discovered in 1819, are claimed by several countries and hold the largest number of stations, with seventeen in operation in 2020.
The largest island is King Island with the settlement of Villa Las Estrellas.
Others include Livingston Island, and Deception where the calories of an active volcano have overflowed providing an impressive natural harbour.
Ellsworth Land is the region to the south of the Peninsula, bounded by the Bellingshausen Sea.
The Peninsula Mountains here join the plateau, then re-emerge to form the 360-kilometer chain of the Ellsworth Mountains, bisected by the Minnesota Flood.
The northern part or Sentinel Range has Antarctica's highest mountains, the Vinsion massif, at its peak at Mount Vinson which is 4892 m (19,030 ft).
In remote locations, without mobile phone access, a satellite phone may be your only option.
A satellite phone generally does not replace a mobile phone, as you have to be outside with a clear line of sight to the satellite to make a phone call.
The service is frequently used by ships, including pleasure craft, as well as cruises with remote data and voice requirements.
Your local telephone service provider should be able to provide further information on how to contact this service.
Travel and learning is an increasingly popular option for those planning a year away.
This is particularly popular among school leavers, allowing them to take a year off before going to university, without jeopardising their education.
In many cases, enrolling in a one-year course abroad can improve your chances of moving on to higher education back in your home country.
There is usually a tuition fee to enrol in these educational programmes.
Finland is a great destination for boating.The "Land of a thousand lakes" also has thousands of islands, both inland and offshore.
In the islands and lakes you don't necessarily need a boat to sail.
While the offshore islands and the largest lakes are actually large enough for any sailing goat, smaller boats or even kayaks offer a different experience.
Boating is a national leisure activity in Finland, with a boat for every seven or eight people.
This is matched by Norway, Sweden and New Zealand, but otherwise quite unique (e.g. in the Netherlands the figure is one in forty).
Most of the different Baltic Expeditions involve a long stop in St Petersburg, Russia.
This means that you can visit the historic city for a couple of days as well as returning and sleeping on the boat at night.
If you only go to the coast using boatboard lifts you will not need a separate visa (in 2009).
Some itineraries include Berlin, Germany in the brochures. As you can see from the map above, Berlin is not close to the sea at all and a visit to the city is not included in the price of the tour.
Traveling by air can be a frightening experience for people of all ages and backgrounds, especially if they have never flown before or experienced a traumatic event.
It is not something to be ashamed of: it is no different from the fears and appetites of many other people.
For some, understanding something about how an airplane works and what happens during flight can help overcome a fear based on the unknown or a lack of control.
Shipping companies are well paid for shipping things quickly. Time is often very important with business documents, goods or spare parts for emergency repair.
On some roads, the larger companies have their own stations, but for other roads and smaller companies there was a problem.
If they had sent things by air, on some routes it might have taken days to go through unloading and customs.
The only way to get through faster was to send it as checked baggage. The airline regulations won't allow them to send baggage without a passenger, and that's where you come in.
The obvious way to fly first or business class is to pay a large sum of money for the privilege (or, even better, have your company do it for you).
However, this is not cheap: as a rough rule, you can expect to pay up to four times the usual economy price for business, and eleven times for first class!
In general, there is no point in even searching for discounts for business class or first class seats on direct flights from A to B.
Airlines know well that there is a certain core group of air travellers who are willing to pay a lot for the privilege of getting somewhere quickly and comfortably, and charging the appropriate fare.
The capital of Moldova is Chişinău. The local language is Romanian, but Russian is also widely used.
Moldova is a multiethnic republic that has suffered from ethnic conflict.
In 1994, this conflict led to the creation of the autonomous Republic of Transnistria in eastern Moldova, which has its own government and currency but is not recognized by any UN member state.
Economic ties have been re-established between these two parts of Moldova despite the failure in political negotiations.
The main religion in Moldova is Uniate Christianity.
İzmir is the third largest city in Turkey with a population of about 3.7 million, the second largest port after Istanbul, and a very good transportation hub.
Once the ancient city of Smyrna, it is now a modern, thriving and bustling commercial center, set around a huge bay and surrounded by mountains.
The spacious courtyards, glass-fronted buildings and modern shopping centres are dotted with traditional red-tiled roofs, the 18th-century market, and old mosques and churches, although the city has a more typical Mediterranean European atmosphere than traditional Turkey.
The village of Haldarsvik offers views of the neighbouring island of Eysturoy and has an unusual relief church.
In the church's interior, there are interesting marble sculptures of the relics over some graves.
It's worth half an hour to go for a walk around the interesting village.
To the north and within easy reach is the romantic and very interesting town of Sintra which was made famous to outsiders after a laudatory account of its splendors by Lord Byron.
Bus 403 Scotturb travels to Sintra regularly, stopping at Cabo da Roca.
Also to the north visit the Sanctuary of Our Lady of Fatima (Church), a place world-famous for the apparitions of Mary.
Remember that you are basically visiting a mass grave site, as well as a site of immeasurable significance to almost a significant proportion of the world's population.
Many men and women are still alive who survived this period, and many more had loved ones who were murdered or worked to death here, Jews and non-Jews alike.
Treat the site with all the dignity, respect and reverence it deserves.
Do not defile the site by marking or graffitiing into structures.
Catalan and Spanish are the official languages of Barcelona. It is preferred by about half of Catalan speakers, a vast majority understand it, and everyone for all purposes speaks Spanish.
However, most signs are shown in Catalan only because it has been established by law as the first official language.
Yet, Spanish is widely used in public transportation and other facilities.
Regular announcements in the Metro are made in Catalan only, but unplanned transfers are announced in a wide variety of languages including Spanish, English, French, Arabic and Japanese.
Pharisees are notorious for being egotistical, rude, and greedy.
Although this is often just a misconception, the best way to get ahead in Paris is to be on your best behavior, behave like a "bien éléve" (well-bred).
The spiteful practices of Parisians will quickly disappear if you show some basic civility.
Plitvice Lakes national park is heavily forested, mainly with pine, spruce and pine trees, and contains a mixture of Alpine and Mediterranean vegetation.
It has a notable wide variety of plant communities, due to its range of microcontinents, different soils and varying elevation levels.
The area is also home to a very wide variety of animal and bird species.
Rare animals such as the European brown bear, fox, eagle, badger, lynx, wildcat and wood chipper can be found there, as well as many more common species.
When visiting the monastery, women are asked to wear skirts over the bangles and have something over their hips, too.
Most of the patrons provide blankets for women who come unprepared, but if you bring one of your own, especially one with bright colors, you will be grinned at by the man or woman at the entrance.
Along the same line, men must wear trousers that cover the hemlines.
These can also be borrowed from the stock at the entrance but those clothes are not washed after every use so you may not feel comfortable wearing these skirts.
The cuisine of Majorca, like that of similar Mediterranean regions, is based on bread, vegetables and chi (especially pork), and uses olive oil throughout.
A simple popular dinner, especially during the summer, is the Pa amb Oli: bread with olive oil, tomato, and any available supplies such as cheese, tuna, and beef.
Each name, alongside the word Sie für dich, always begins with a capital letter, even in the middle of a sentence.
This is an important method of distinguishing between certain objects and objects.
It can also be argued that it makes reading easier, although writing is somewhat complicated by the need to determine whether verbs or nouns are used in an enclosed form.
Pronunciation is quite easy in Italian because most words are pronounced exactly the way they are written.
The main letters to look out for are c and g, as the way they are pronounced varies depending on the following pronunciation.
Also, make sure you pronounce r and rr differently: caro means beloved, while carro means vehicle.
Persian grammar is relatively easy and consistent throughout.
Thus, reading this grammar book would help you to understand much about Persian grammar and to understand sentences better.
Needless to say, if you know a Romance language, learning Portuguese will be easier.
However, people who know some Spanish may quickly conclude that Portugal is close enough that it does not need to be studied separately.
Pre-modern artillery is usually extinct today, and is used as museums, or educational sites.
Since light pollution was not as much of a problem as it is today, they are usually located in cities or on campuses, easier to reach than those built in modern times.
Most modern research telescopes are huge facilities in remote areas with favorable atmospheric conditions.
The sight of cherry blossoms, or hanami, has been a feature of Japanese culture since the 8th century.
The concept came from China where snowflakes were a flower of choice.
In Japan, only for himself and other members of the nobility would the emperor hold the first cherry blossom parties around the Imperial Court.
Plants look their best when they are in a natural environment, so resist the temptation to take even "just one" specimen.
If you visit a formal garden, collecting "specimens" is also going to get you thrown out, no debate.
Singapore is an exceptionally safe place to be in general and very easy to move around, and you can buy almost anything once you arrive.
But being located in the "high places" a little to the north of the equator, you will have to cope with heat (by the time) and strong sun (when the sky is clear, less often).
A few buses also take you north to Hebron, the traditional burial place of the Biblical patriarchs Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, and their wives.
Make sure that the bus you plan to take is going to Hebron and not just to the nearby Jewish settlement of Kiryat Arba.
Inland waterways can be a good theme on which to base your holidays.
For example, visit a castle in the Loire Valley, the Rhine valley or take a cruise to interesting towns on the Don River or take a boat along the Erie Canal.
They also define roads for popular walking and cycling paths.
Christmas is one of the most important Christian holidays, and it commemorates the birth of Jesus.
Many of the holiday traditions are also followed by non-believers living in Christian countries and by non-Christian peoples around the world.
There is a tradition of spending the Easter night awake in some open place to watch the dawn break.
There are Christian theological explanations for this tradition of course, but it could be a pre-Christian Spring and Fertility debate.
More traditional churches often hold Easter Masses on Saturday night during Easter weekend, with congregations often beginning the celebration at midnight to celebrate the resurrection of Christ.
All the animals that reached the islands originally came here either by swimming, flying or floating.
Due to the great distance from the mainland, mammals were unable to make the journey, making the great crane the main grazing animal of the Galapagos.
Since the arrival of man to the Galapagos, many mammals have been introduced including horses, cattle, big mice, cats and dogs.
If you visit the Arctic or Antarctic regions in winter you will experience polar night, which means that the sun does not rise above the horizon.
This provides a good opportunity to see the Northern Lights, as the sky will be more or less dark around the clock.
As the population of the areas is sparse, and light pollution is therefore not often a problem, you will also be able to see the stars.
Japanese work culture is more hierarchical and formal than what Westerners might be used to.
Suits are standard business attire, and co-workers call each other by their surnames or by job titles.
Harmony in the workplace is essential, emphasising group effort rather than individual camp.
Workers must often have their bosses' approval for any decision they make, and they are expected to obey their bosses' instructions unquestioningly.
