"We now have four-month-old mice that had diabetes and now have none", he added.
Dr. Ehud Ur, professor of medicine at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia, and chairman of the Canadian Diabetes Association's clinical and scientific division, noted that the research is still in its infancy.
Like some other experts, he was skeptical that it was possible to cure diabetes, and pointed out that the findings had no relevance for people who already had type 1 diabetes.
On Monday, Sara Danius, Permanent Secretary of the Swedish Academy's Literature Nobel Prize Committee, announced in a radio broadcast on Sveriges Radio in Sweden that the committee had suspended its efforts to inform Bob Dylan of his honor with the Nobel Prize for Literature after failing to reach him in person.
Danius said, 'We're not doing anything at the moment. I've called his closest associate and sent him emails and got very friendly responses. That's enough for now.'
Ring CEO Jamie Siminoff once said that he started the company after he couldn't hear his doorbell from his garage.
He said he built a Wi-Fi doorbell.
Siminoff said sales increased sharply after he appeared on an episode of "Shark Tank" in 2013, despite the show's jury rejecting funding for his startup.
In late 2017, Siminoff appeared on the teleshopping channel QVC.
Ring also settled a dispute with rival security firm ADT Corporation.
While an experimental vaccine appears to be able to reduce Ebola mortality, no drugs have yet been shown to be uniquely effective in treating existing infections.
A cocktail of antibodies, ZMapp, initially showed promise, but formal studies showed that it had less of a benefit than hoped in terms of preventing deaths.
In the PALM study, ZMapp was used as a control, meaning that the scientists used it as a baseline and compared the three other treatments.
USA Gymnastics supports the United States Olympic Committee's letter and accepts it as an absolute necessity that the Olympic family work towards a safe environment for all of our athletes.
We agree with the USOC that the best interests of our athletes and clubs and their sport are best served by bringing about meaningful change within our organization rather than by decertification.
USA Gymnastics supports an independent investigation that could shed light on how abuse on the scale so courageously described by the survivors of Larry Nassar could have gone undetected for so long, and welcomes any necessary and appropriate changes.
USA Gymnastics and the USOC share the same goal - to make gymnastics and other sports as safe as possible for athletes so they can pursue their dreams in a safe, positive and self-determined environment.
During the 1960s, Brzezinski worked as an advisor to John F. Kennedy and later to the administration of Lyndon B. Johnson.
During the 1976 election, he advised Carter on foreign policy and then served as National Security Advisor (NSA) from 1977 to 1981, succeeding Henry Kissinger.
As National Security Advisor, he assisted Carter in the diplomatic handling of world affairs such as the 1978 Camp David Accords, the normalization of relations between the US and China in the late 1970s, the Iranian Revolution that led to the Iran hostage crisis in 1979, and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979.
The Ryan Gosling-Emma Stone film has received nominations in all major categories.
Gosling and Stone were nominated for best actor and best actress, respectively.
Other nominations include best picture, director, cinematography, costume design, editing, original film score, production design, sound editing, sound mixing and original screenplay.
Two songs from the motion picture, Audition (The Fools Who Dream) and City of Stars, received nominations for Best Independent Song, while Lionsgate Studio received 26 nominations  more than any other film studio.
Late Sunday, US President Donald Trump announced in a statement read by the press secretary that US troops would be leaving Syria.
The announcement came after a phone call between Trump and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
Turkey would conduct surveillance of captured ISIS fighters whose repatriation, the statement said, had been rejected by European countries.
Not only does this confirm that at least some dinosaurs had feathers, a theory that is already widely accepted, but it also provides details that fossils generally cannot, such as color and three-dimensional arrangement.
Scientists say that the animal's feathers were chestnut brown on the upper side and light or carotenoid on the lower side.
The find also provides insight into the evolution of feathers in birds.
Because dinosaur feathers lack a well-developed shaft called the rachis, but have other features of feathers - hooks and barbels - the researchers concluded that the rachis was probably a later evolutionary development than these other features.
The structure of the feathers suggests that they were not used for flight but rather for temperature regulation or for showing the heart. The researchers suspected that the sample, although it is the tail of a young dinosaur, shows the feathers of an adult and not the down of a chick.
The researchers claimed that although this is the tail of a juvenile dinosaur, the sample shows the feathers of an adult and no chick flippers.
A car bomb exploded yesterday morning at the police headquarters in the Turkish city of Gaziantep, killing two policemen and wounding more than twenty others.
According to the governor's office, 19 of the injured are police officers.
Police said they suspect a militant supporter of Daesh (ISIL) was behind the attack.
They found that the Sun works on the same basic principles as other stars: It was found that the activity of all the stars in the system is driven by their luminosity, rotation and nothing else.
To determine the Rossby number of a star associated with the plasma current, the luminosity and the rotation are taken together.
The smaller the Rossby number, the less active the star is in terms of reversals of the magnetic field.
During the journey, Iwasaki got into trouble on many occasions.
He was robbed by pirates, attacked by a rabid dog in Tibet, managed to escape a wedding in Nepal, and was arrested in India.
The 802.11n standard runs on the 2.4 GHz and 5.0 GHz frequencies.
This allows it to be backward compatible with 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g, provided the base station has dual radio.
The speed of 802.11n is much faster than that of its predecessors, which had a maximum theoretical throughput of 600 Mbit/s.
Duvall, married with two grown children, made no great impression on Miller, who was told the story.
"When asked for comment, Miller said, 'Mike talks a lot during the hearing... I was preparing and therefore couldn't really hear what he said.'"
We will strive to significantly reduce carbon dioxide emissions per unit of GDP by 2020 from 2005 levels, Hu said.
He did not give a figure for the cuts, but said they were being made on the basis of China's economic performance.
He encouraged developing countries to avoid the old way of 'polluting first and cleaning up after'.
He added that 'they should not, however, be asked to take on commitments that are beyond their level of development, responsibility and capabilities'.
The Iraq Study Group presented its report at 12:00 GMT today.
He warns that no one can guarantee that any course of action in Iraq at this point will stop sectarian warfare, the growing violence or a slide into chaos.
The report begins by calling for an open discourse and for a consensus to be formed in the United States on a strategy for the Middle East.
The report is highly critical of almost every aspect of the executive's current policy with regard to Iraq and urges an immediate change of direction.
The first of the 78 recommendations is that a new diplomatic initiative should be taken before the end of this year to secure Iraq's borders against hostile intervention and to restore diplomatic relations with its neighbours.
The current senator and Argentine First Lady Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner announced her candidacy for the presidency last night in La Plata, a city 50 kilometers from Buenos Aires.
Ms Kirchner announced her intention to run for president at the Argentine Theater, where she also began her campaign for the Senate in 2005 as a member of the Buenos Aires Provincial Delegation.
"The debate was sparked by a controversy over spending on relief and rebuilding after Hurricane Katrina, which some fiscal conservatives have humorously dubbed "Bush's New Orleans deal".
Liberal criticism of the rebuilding process has focused on the fact that orders for the rebuilding were given to alleged insiders in Washington.
More than four million people came to Rome to attend the funeral.
The number of participants was so large that it was not possible for everyone to gain access to the burial in St. Peter's Square.
Several large television screens were set up in various places in Rome so that people could watch the ceremony.
Similar installations were installed in many other cities in Italy and the rest of the world, especially in Poland, and were seen by many people.
Historians have criticized the FBI's past policy of focusing its resources on easy-to-solve cases, particularly car theft cases, in an attempt to increase the agency's success rate.
Congress began funding the anti-obscene initiative in August 2005, mandating that the FBI must deploy 10 agents to the adult pornography task force.
Robin Uthappa reached the highest score of the innings, 70 runs in just 41 balls, by hitting 11 fours and 2 sixes.
The middle-order batsmen Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid performed well and scored a partnership of 100 runs.
However, after losing the captain's wicket, India scored only 36 runs and lost 7 wickets, ending the innings.
U.S. President George W. Bush arrived in Singapore on the morning of November 16 and began a week-long tour of Asia.
He was welcomed by Wong Kan Seng, Singapore's Deputy Prime Minister, and spoke with Lee Hsien Loong, Singapore's Prime Minister, on trade and terrorism issues.
After a week of losing midterm elections, Bush told the audience about the expansion of trade in Asia.
"Prime Minister Stephen Harper agreed after a 25-minute meeting with NDP leader Jack Layton at the PMO Tuesday to send the government's Clean Air Act to an all-party committee for review before a second hearing".
Layton had called for changes to the Conservative Environmental Bill during the meeting with the Prime Minister, calling for a 'thorough and complete revision' of the Conservative Party's Environmental Bill.
After the federal government stepped in to take over the funding of the Mersey Hospital in Devonport, Tasmania, the state government and some members of parliament have criticized the move as a PR stunt ahead of the federal election scheduled for November.
However, Prime Minister John Howard said the move to provide $45 million was only to save the hospital facilities from being downgraded by the Tasmanian government.
According to the current bulletin, sea level measurements indicated that a tsunami had been triggered, with clear tsunami activity recorded near Pago Pago and Niue.
No significant damage or injuries were reported from Tonga, but there were occasional power outages, which was reportedly the reason the Tonga authorities did not receive the PTWC tsunami warning.
Fourteen schools in Hawaii on or near the coast were closed all day Wednesday, despite the lifting of the warning.
U.S. President George W. Bush welcomed the announcement.
"Bush spokesman Gordon Johndroe called North Korea's pledge "an important step toward the goal of achieving verifiable denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula".
The tenth named storm of the Atlantic hurricane season, subtropical storm Jerry, has formed in the Atlantic Ocean today.
The National Hurricane Center (NHC) says Jerry is not a threat to landings at this time.
The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers estimated that six inches of rain could cause dam breakage.
The Ninth Ward, which was flooded to 20 feet during Hurricane Katrina, is currently carrying waist-high water as the nearby levee was flooded.
A 100-foot-long section of the dam is filled with water.
Commons administrator Adam Cuerden expressed his disappointment with the removals when speaking to Wikinews last month.
"He [Wales] has basically lied to us from the beginning, first by pretending to do so for legal reasons, second by pretending to listen to us, and finally by faking it".
The irritation in the community has led to the current effort to draft a policy on sexual content for the site, which hosts millions of openly licensed media.
The work was largely theoretical in nature, but the program was written to simulate observations made of the Sagittarius galaxy.
The effect the team was looking for would be caused by tidal forces between the galaxy's dark matter and the Milky Way's dark matter.
Just as the moon attracts the earth and causes the tides, the Milky Way exerts gravitational forces on the Sagittarius galaxy.
The scientists concluded that dark matter acts on other dark matter in the same way as normal matter.
This theory says that most of the dark matter is in a kind of halo around a galaxy, made up of many small particles.
Television reports indicate that white smoke is escaping from the facility.
Local authorities are urging residents near the plant to stay indoors, turn off air conditioning and avoid drinking tap water.
According to the Nuclear Safety Agency of Japan, radioactive caesium and iodine have been detected in the nuclear power plant.
Authorities speculate that this indicates that containers of uranium fuel may have been cracked at the site and may be leaking.
Extremely drug-resistant tuberculosis (XDR-TB) was discovered by Dr Tony Moll in the KwaZulu-Natal region of South Africa.
"In an interview, he said the new variant was "extremely worrying and alarming because of the very high mortality rate".
Some patients may have contracted the disease in the hospital, says Dr. Moll, and at least two were hospital workers.
In a year, an infected person can infect 10 to 15 close contacts.
However, the proportion of XDR-TB in the overall group of people with TB appears to be low, 6,000 out of the 330,000 people infected at any one time in South Africa.
The satellites, each weighing more than 1,000 pounds, collided 491 miles above the earth at an approximate airspeed of 17,500 miles per hour.
Scientists say the explosion caused by the collision was huge.
They are still trying to figure out the extent of the impact and how it will affect the earth.
The Strategic Command of the United States Department of Defense is tracking the wreckage.
The result of the plotting analysis shall be published on a public website.
A doctor who worked at the Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, is being charged with aggravated murder after her mother was found dead in the trunk of her car Wednesday, Ohio authorities say.
Dr. Malar Balasubramanian, 29, was found in Blue Ash, Ohio, a suburb about 15 miles north of Cincinnati, lying on the ground beside the road in a T-shirt and underwear, apparently under the influence of a powerful drug.
She led the officers to her black Oldsmobile Intrigue, which was 500 feet away.
That's where they found the body of Saroja Balasubramanian, 53, under blankets smeared with blood.
Police said the body appeared to have been there for about a day.
The first cases of the disease this season were reported at the end of July.
The disease is transmitted from pigs and then travels through mosquitoes to humans.
The outbreak prompted the Indian government to send pig-catchers to heavily affected areas, to distribute thousands of mosquito nets, and to spray pesticides.
The government has also promised several million vials of the encephalitis vaccine, which will help arm the health departments for next year.
Plans for vaccines to be delivered this year to the historically most affected areas were delayed due to lack of funds and low priority compared to other diseases.
In 1956 Słania went to Sweden, where three years later he started working in the Swedish Post Office and became the head engraver there.
He produced over 1,000 stamps for Sweden and 28 other countries.
The quality and precision of his work is so highly regarded that his name is one of the very few generally known names in the field of philately.
Its thousandth stamp, from 2000, shows the magnificent painting 'Famous heroic deeds of Swedish kings' by David Klöcker Ehrenstrahl and is listed in the Guinness Book of Records.
He was also involved in the engraving of banknotes for many countries.
After the accident, Gibson was taken to a hospital, but he died shortly afterward.
The truck driver, a 64-year-old man, was not injured in the accident.
The vehicle itself was removed from the scene of the accident at approximately 12:00 GMT on the same day.
A person working in a workshop near the accident site said: "There were children waiting to cross the road, and they were all screaming and crying".
They all ran back from the scene of the accident.
Other topics on the agenda in Bali include saving the world's remaining forests and sharing technologies to help developing countries grow in ways that are less harmful to the environment.
The United Nations also hopes to establish a fund to help countries affected by global warming cope with its effects.
The funds could be used for flood-proof homes, better water management and crop diversification.
Fluke wrote that the efforts of some women who wanted to speak out about women's health had not been successful.
She came to this conclusion because of the many positive comments and encouragement she received from both men and women who insisted that contraceptives be considered a medical necessity.
When the fighting stopped after the wounded were transported to the hospital, about 40 of the remaining inmates remained in the yard and refused to return to their cells.
The negotiators tried to defuse the situation, but the prisoners' demands are unclear.
Between 10:00 and 11:00 PM MDT, a fire was set by inmates in the courtyard.
Soon, police in protective suits entered the premises and cornered the inmates with tear gas.
The fire was finally put out by the fire department at 11:35 p.m.
After the dam was built in 1963, the seasonal flooding that distributes sediment in the river came to a halt.
This sediment was needed to form sandbanks and beaches that served as wildlife habitats.
As a result, two fish species have become extinct and two more are threatened with extinction, including the Gila cypha.
Authorities hope that the post-flood rise in water levels will be enough to restore eroded sandbanks downstream, although it is only a few feet.
No tsunami warning was issued and according to the Jakarta Geophysical Authority, there will be no tsunami warning as the earthquake did not reach the necessary magnitude of 6.5.
Although there was no tsunami threat, panicked residents began to leave their businesses and homes.
Although Winfrey shed tears as she said goodbye, she assured her fans that she would be back.
This is not going to be goodbye. This is the end of a chapter and the beginning of a new chapter.
The final results of the presidential and parliamentary elections in Namibia indicated that incumbent President Hifikepunye Pohamba was re-elected by a large margin.
The ruling party, the South West Africa People's Organisation (SWAPO), also retained a majority in the parliamentary elections.
Coalition and Afghan forces moved into the area to secure the site, and other coalition aircraft were dispatched to provide support.
The crash occurred high up in mountainous terrain, and it is believed to have been the result of enemy fire.
Efforts to locate the crash site are being hampered by bad weather and rough terrain.
The medical charity Mangola, Medecins Sans Frontieres and the World Health Organization say this is the worst outbreak ever recorded in the country.
"Richard Veerman, spokesman for Doctors Without Borders, said: 'Angola is heading for the worst outbreak ever, and the situation in Angola is still very bad.'"
The games started at 10:00 am with great weather and apart from a little drizzle in the morning that quickly dissipated, it was a perfect day for seven-a-side rugby.
South Africa, the top-ranked team in the tournament, started with a comfortable 26-0 win over Zambia, the fifth-ranked team.
Although the team was definitely rusty in the match against its southern sisters, South Africa steadily improved throughout the tournament.
Their disciplined defense, ball control and excellent teamwork made them stand out and made it clear that this was the team to beat.
Officials from the city of Amsterdam and the Anne Frank Museum say the tree is infected with a fungus and poses a public health risk, as it could fall down at any time.
He was supposed to be executed on Tuesday, but was saved by an emergency court ruling.
All cave entrances, also called "The Seven Sisters", are at least 100 to 250 meters (328 to 820 feet) in diameter.
Infrared images show temperature differences between night and day, indicating that these are likely caves.
"They are colder by day than the surrounding surface and warmer by night".
"Their thermal behavior is not as uniform as that of large caves on Earth, which often have a fairly constant temperature, but it is consistent with being deep holes in the ground", said Glen Cushing of the astrogeology team at the United States Geological Survey (USGS) and Northern Arizona University in Flagstaff, Arizona.
In France, voting is traditionally a low-tech experience: Voters isolate themselves in a booth and put a pre-printed piece of paper with the candidate of their choice on it into an envelope.
After the officials confirm the identity of the voter, the voter throws the envelope into the ballot box and signs the voter list.
The French electoral law is quite strict on the procedure.
Since 1988, ballot boxes have been required to be transparent so that voters and observers can attest that no envelopes are present at the start of the election and that no envelopes are being thrown in except those of the duly counted and authorized voters.
Candidates may send representatives to attend each part of the process as witnesses, and in the evening, the votes of volunteers are counted under strict supervision and according to special procedures.
The ASUS Eee PC, previously marketed worldwide based on cost-saving and functionality factors, was a hot topic at the 2007 Taipei IT Month.
But the consumer laptop market is going to change radically after ASUS was awarded the Taiwan Sustainable Award 2007 by Manager Yuan from the Republic of China.
The station's website describes the show as "old school radio theater with a new and creepily weird interpretation!"
In its early days, the show was only shown on the long-running Internet radio site TogiNet Radio, a site that focuses on talk radio.
At the end of 2015, TogiNet founded the AstroNet Radio subsidiary.
The show originally featured local amateur talk show hosts from East Texas.
Reports said that extensive looting continued overnight, with police officers showing no presence on the streets of Bishkek.
"According to one observer's description, Bishkek was descending more and more into a state of 'anarchy' as gangs of people moved through the streets and looted consumer goods stores".
Several residents of Bishkek blamed the lawlessness on the southern protesters.
South Africa defeated the All Blacks (New Zealand) in a rugby union match in the Tri-Nations tournament at the Royal Bafokeng Stadium in Rustenburg, South Africa.
The final score was a 21-20 point lead, ending the All Blacks' 15-game winning streak.
The Springboks ended a five-game losing streak.
It was the final game for the All Blacks, who had won the trophy two weeks earlier.
The final of the tournament will be held at Ellis Park Stadium in Johannesburg next week, with the Springboks taking on Australia.
A moderate earthquake shook western Montana at 10:08 p.m. on Monday.
No immediate reports of damage were received by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) and its National Earthquake Information Center.
The epicenter of the earthquake was about 20 km (15 mi) north-northeast of Dillon and about 65 km (40 mi) south of Butte.
The avian flu H5N1, which is deadly to humans, has been confirmed to have infected a wild duck found dead in a marshy area near Lyon in eastern France on Monday.
France is the seventh country in the European Union to suffer from this virus, after Austria, Germany, Slovenia, Bulgaria, Greece and Italy.
Suspected cases of H5N1 in Croatia and Denmark remain unconfirmed.
Chambers blamed God for "the widespread death, destruction and terrorization of many millions of earth's inhabitants".
Chambers, an agnostic, argues that his lawsuit is "frivolous" and that "anyone can sue anyone".
The story, which was presented in the French opera by Camille Saint-Saens, is about an artist "whose life is determined by the love of drugs and Japan".
That's why the actors on stage smoke cannabis joints and the theater itself encourages the audience to participate.
Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, Texas Governor Rick Perry and Congresswoman Michele Bachmann finished fourth, fifth and sixth, respectively.
After the results were released, Gingrich praised Santorum, but took a hard line at Romney, whose name had been used in Iowa to air negative campaign ads against Gingrich.
"Perry stated that he would 'go back to Texas to evaluate the outcome of tonight's primary and decide if there is a path forward for me in this race,'" but later said he would stay in the race and run in the January 21 primary in South Carolina".
Bachmann, who won the Ames sample poll in August, decided to end her campaign.
The photographer was taken to Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center, where he subsequently died.
Reportedly in his 20s, Bieber said in a statement, "Although I was neither present nor directly involved in this tragic accident, my thoughts and prayers are with the victim's family".
Entertainment news website TMZ learned that the photographer stopped his vehicle on the other side of Sepulveda Boulevard and tried to take pictures of the police checkpoint before crossing the street and moving on, prompting the California Highway Patrol officer who was conducting the traffic check to order him back across the street twice.
Police say the driver of the vehicle that hit the photographer is unlikely to be charged.
With only 18 medals available per day, a number of countries have not made it onto the podium.
These include the Netherlands, where Anna Jochemsen finished ninth in the women's stand yesterday in the Super-G, and Finland with Katja Saarinen, who finished tenth in the same competition.
Australian Mitchell Gourley finished eleventh in the men's standing Super G. Czech competitor Oldrich Jelinek finished sixteenth in the men's sitting Super G.
Mexican Arly Velasquez finished 15th in the men's Super G (sitting) and New Zealander Adam Hall finished ninth in the men's Super G (standing).
The visually impaired Polish skier Maciej Krezel and the companion runner Anna Ogarzynska finished thirteenth in the Super-G. The South Korean Jong Seork Park finished twenty-fourth in the men's Super-G.
UN peacekeepers who arrived in Haiti after the 2010 earthquake are blamed for the spread of the disease that broke out near the troop camp.
The lawsuit alleges that the waste from the UN warehouse was not properly cleaned, which resulted in bacteria entering the Artibonite River, one of Haiti's largest rivers.
Before the arrival of the troops, Haiti had not had a problem with the disease since the 1800s.
The Haitian Institute for Justice and Democracy has cited independent studies suggesting that the Nepalese UN Peace Battalion unwittingly brought the disease to Haiti.
Danielle Lantagne, a UN expert on the disease, has stated that the outbreak was most likely caused by the Blue Helmets.
Hamilton confirmed that Howard University Hospital has admitted the patient in stable condition.
The patient had been in Nigeria, where there have been some cases of Ebola virus.
The hospital followed infection prevention protocols, including separating the patient from others to prevent infection from others.
Before The Simpsons, Simon had worked on several shows in various capacities.
In the 1980s, he worked on shows such as Taxi, Cheers and The Tracey Ullman Show.
In 1989, he helped Brooks and Groening create The Simpsons and was responsible for hiring the show's first writing staff.
Although he left the show in 1993, he retained the title of executive producer and continued to receive royalty payments in the double-digit millions each season.
Earlier, China's Xinhua news agency reported the planned hijacking of a plane.
Later reports said the plane received a bomb threat and was diverted to Afghanistan, where it landed in Kandahar.
Initial reports indicate that the plane was diverted back to Afghanistan after being denied an emergency landing in Urumqi.
Air accidents are common in Iran, which has an outdated fleet that is poorly maintained for both civilian and military operations.
International sanctions have prevented the purchase of new aircraft.
Three people were killed and three others injured in a helicopter crash earlier this week.
Last month, Iran suffered its worst air disaster in years when a passenger plane en route to Armenia crashed, killing all 168 people on board.
In the same month, another passenger plane shot over the end of a runway in Mashhad and crashed into a wall, killing 17 people.
Aerosmith have canceled the remaining shows of their tour.
The rock band was scheduled to tour the United States and Canada until September 16.
After lead singer Steven Tyler injured himself during a performance on August 5 by falling off the stage, they canceled the tour.
Murray lost the first set in the tiebreak after both men had held every single serve in the set.
Del Potro had an early lead in the second set, but again a tie break was required after the score was 6-6.
Potro's shoulder has since been treated, but he was able to return to the field.
The program started at 20:30 local time (15:00 UTC).
Famous singers from all over the country presented Bhajans, devotional songs, at Shri Shyam's feet.
Singer Sanju Sharma opened the evening, followed by Jai Shankar Choudhary, who also presented the Chhappan Bhog Bhajan.
Then Lakkha Singh took the lead in singing the bhajans.
Baba Shyam was served 108 plates of Chhappan Bhog (in Hinduism 56 different edible items such as sweets, fruits, nuts, dishes etc. offered to the deity).
Lakkha Singh also presented the Chhappan Bhog Bhajan.
At the Tokyo Game Show keynote presentation on Thursday, Nintendo President Satoru Iwata unveiled the controller design for the company's new Nintendo Revolution console, which is expected to be released in the second half of 2018.
Similar to a TV remote control, the controller uses two sensors placed near the user's TV to triangulate its position in three-dimensional space.
This will allow players to control actions and movements in video games by moving the device in the air.
Giancarlo Fisichella lost control of his car and had to stop the race shortly after the start.
His teammate led the race for most of the time, but finished right after his pit stop, probably because of a badly jammed right front wheel.
Shortly after Alonso, Michael also finished his due to damage to the wheel suspension from the numerous fights during the race.
"She's very sweet and sings quite well too", he said, according to a transcript of the press conference.
I was moved with all my heart at every rehearsal for this.
About three minutes after takeoff, an onboard camera caught countless pieces of insulating foam coming off the fuel tank.
However, it is not believed that they have damaged the shuttle in any way.
N. Wayne Hale Jr., head of NASA's space shuttle program, said the foam "fell off after the time we were worried about".
After five minutes, the wind comes up, about a minute later the wind reaches 70 km/h ... Then it starts to rain, but the drops are so hard and big that they hit the skin like needles. Then hail fell from the sky, people panicked, shouting and running over each other.
"I lost my sister and her friend, and on my way there were two disabled people in wheelchairs, who were just jumped over and pushed", said Armand Versace.
NHK also reported that the Kashiwazaki Kariwa nuclear power plant in Niigata Prefecture was operating normally.
Hokuriku Electric Power Co. reported that the earthquake had no impact and that the Shika Nuclear Power Plant's No. 1 and 2 reactors had been shut down.
It is reported that about 9,400 homes in the region have no water and about 100 have no electricity.
Some roads were damaged and railway traffic was disrupted in the affected areas.
A bomb exploded outside the Governor General's office building.
Three more bombs detonated within two hours of government buildings.
According to some reports, the official death toll is eight and official reports confirm that up to 30 people were injured, although no final figures are yet known.
Both cyanuric acid and melamine have been found in urine samples from domestic animals that died after eating contaminated pet food.
The two compounds react with each other to form crystals that, according to researchers at the university, can interfere with kidney function.
The researchers discovered crystals in the cat's urine that had formed by adding melamine and cyanuric acid.
The composition of these crystals corresponds to that found in the urine of affected pets when compared by means of infrared spectroscopy (FTIR).
I don't know if you knew this, but most of the goods from Central America came into our country duty-free.
But 80% of our goods are subject to customs duties in Central American countries.
That didn't make sense to me; it certainly wasn't fair.
I'm just telling people that we want to be treated the way we treat others.
California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger signed a bill that prohibits the sale or rental of violent video games to minors.
The bill would require video games sold in the state of California to be labeled with the number 18 and would impose a $1,000 fine on minors who sell them.
Director of Public Prosecutions Kier Starmer QC issued a statement this morning announcing the prosecution of both Chicken and Pryce.
Huhne has resigned and will be replaced in the Cabinet by Congressman Ed Davey, and Congressman Norman Lamb is expected to take over the job of Secretary of Commerce, which Davey is leaving.
Chicken and Pryce are due to appear at Westminster Magistrates Court on February 16.
The victims were Nicholas Alden, 25, and Zachary Cuddeback, 21. Cuddeback was the driver.
Edgar Veguilla suffered injuries to his arm and jaw, while Kristoffer Schneider required reconstructive surgery on his face.
Uka's gun had a charge-off when it was aimed at a fifth man's head, and Schneider has since been suffering from chronic pain, is blind in one eye, and is missing part of his skull, and his face had to be reconstructed with the help of titanium.
Schneider testified on a video call from a USAF base in his home country.
In addition to the Wednesday event, Carpanedo competed in the championship in two individual races.
Her first was the slalom, where she received a "Did not Finish" in her first run. 36 of the 116 participants achieved the same result in this race.
Her other race, the giant slalom, she finished 10th in the women's division with a combined time of 4:41.30 minutes, which was 2:11.60 minutes slower than first-place Austrian Claudia Lösch and 1:09.02 minutes faster than ninth-place Gyöngyi Dani of Hungary.
Four women skiers in the Krücken Skiing failed to finish, and 45 of the 117 women skiers in the giant slalom failed to finish the race.
The Madhya Pradesh Police has recovered the stolen laptop and mobile phone.
Deputy Inspector General D.K. Arya said: We have arrested five persons who raped the Swiss woman and confiscated her mobile phone and laptop.
The names of the accused are Baba Kanjar, Bhutha Kanja, Rampro Kanjar, Gaza Kanjar and Vishnu Kanjar.
Police Commissioner Chandra Shekhar Solanki said the accused appeared in court with their faces covered.
Although three people were inside the house when the car crashed into it, none of them were injured.
The driver, however, sustained significant head injuries.
The road where the accident occurred was temporarily closed while emergency services rescued the driver from the red Audi TT.
He was initially admitted to James Paget Hospital in Great Yarmouth.
He was subsequently transferred to Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge.
Adekoya, meanwhile, was charged with the murder of her son at Edinburgh Sheriff Court.
She is being held in custody pending charges and trial, but eyewitness accounts may have been falsified as her image was widely published.
This is common practice elsewhere in the UK, but the Scottish judiciary works differently, and the courts have considered the publication of photos to be potentially harmful.
Professor Pamela Ferguson of the University of Dundee observes: 'Journalists seem to cross a dangerous line when they publish photos and other material of suspects.'
The Crown Office, which is leading the prosecution, has indicated to journalists that they will not be making any further comment, at least until the indictment.
According to the leak, the document refers to the border dispute in which the Palestinians are demanding a return of the borders to the state before the 1967 Six-Day War.
Other topics purportedly covered include the future of Jerusalem, which is sacred to both nations, and the Jordan Valley problem.
The Palestinian Authority, on the other hand, wants to accept such a presence for only five years.
The guards of the accompanying pest control experiment should be closely supervised by rangers, as the experiment was monitored and its effectiveness assessed.
A partnership between NPWS and the Sporting Shooters Association of Australia (NSW) Inc. has recruited qualified volunteers for the Sporting Shooters Association's hunting programme.
According to Mick OFlynn, the managing director of Park Conservation and Heritage at the NPWS, the four shooters selected for the first hunting operation received extensive safety and training training.
Martelly swore in a new Provisional Electoral Commission (CEP) with nine members yesterday.
It's Martelly's fifth CEP in four years.
Last month, a presidential commission recommended the resignation of the previous CEP as part of a package of measures to steer the country towards new elections.
The Commission was Martelly's response to the widespread anti-regime protests that began in October.
The protests, some of them violent, were triggered by the failure to hold elections, some of which have been held since 2011.
There have been over 60 reported cases of overheating on defective iPods, resulting in a total of six fires and four people suffering minor burns.
Japan's Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) said it was aware of 27 accidents involving the devices.
"Last week, METI announced that it had been informed by Apple of 34 additional incidents of overheating, which the company described as 'not serious.'"
The Ministry responded by calling Apple's postponement of the report "really regrettable".
The earthquake struck Mariana at 07:19 local time (21:19 GMT on Friday).
The Northern Mariana Islands Disaster Management Authority said there were no reports of damage in the country.
The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center also said there was no indication of a tsunami.
A former Filipino policeman has taken tourists from Hong Kong hostage by hijacking their bus in Manila, the capital of the Philippines.
Rolando Mendoza fired his M16 rifle at the tourists.
Several hostages have been rescued and there are at least six confirmed dead so far.
Six hostages, including the children and the elderly, were released early, as were the Filipino photographers.
The photographers took the place of an elderly lady who had to go to the bathroom.
Liggins followed in his father's footsteps and pursued a career in medicine.
He trained as a midwife and began work at the National Women's Hospital in Auckland in 1959.
While working at the hospital, Liggins began to study premature labor in his spare time.
His research showed that the administration of a hormone accelerated the lung maturation of the fetus.
Xinhua reported that government investigators recovered two "black box" flight recorders on Wednesday.
Fellow wrestlers paid tribute to Luna as well.
"Tommy Dreamer said, 'Luna was the first queen of extremes, my first manager, and Luna died on the night of the two moons, very unique, just like her, a strong woman.'"
Dustin Goldust Runnels commented, "Luna was as crazy as I am...maybe even crazier...I love her and will miss her...hopefully she's in a better place".
Of the 1,400 people polled before the 2010 federal election, the percentage of those who oppose Australia becoming a republic has increased by 8 percent since 2008.
Interim Prime Minister Julia Gillard stated during the 2010 federal election campaign that she believed Australia should become a republic at the end of Queen Elizabeth II's reign.
Thirty-four percent of those polled share this view and want Elizabeth II to be the last Australian monarch.
29 percent of those polled said Australia should become a republic as soon as possible, while 31 percent thought Australia should never become a republic.
The Olympic gold medalist was scheduled to compete in the 100m and 200m freestyle and three relay events at the Commonwealth Games, but his fitness was called into question due to his many complaints.
He was unable to take the medication needed to overcome his pain, as it is banned at the Commonwealth Games.
On January 25, Curtis Cooper, a mathematician and computer science professor at the University of Central Missouri, discovered the largest known prime number.
Numerous people confirmed the discovery using various hardware and software in early February and it was announced on Tuesday.
Comets may have been a source of Earth's water supply, along with organic matter that can form proteins and support life.
Since comets collided with the earth long ago, scientists are hoping to gain insight into how planets, especially the earth, form.
Cuomo, 53, took office as governor earlier this year and signed a bill legalizing same-sex marriage last month.
He called the rumors "political chatter and nonsense".
There is speculation that he may run for president in 2016.
NextGen is a system that the FAA claims would allow airplanes to fly shorter distances and save millions of gallons of fuel and reduce carbon emissions every year.
It uses satellite-based technology instead of the older technology based on ground radar to allow air traffic controllers to more accurately locate aircraft and provide pilots with more accurate information.
No additional transport will be provided and the above ground trains will not stop at Wembley.
With concern about the lack of transportation, the likelihood that the game would have to be played behind closed doors without the team's fans grew.
A study published Thursday in the journal Science reported the emergence of a new species of bird in the Galapagos Islands of Ecuador.
Researchers at Princeton University in the United States and Uppsala University in Sweden reported that the new species evolved in just two generations, although it had been thought that this process took much longer because of mating between a native Darwin's finch, Geospiza fortes, and the migratory cactus finch, Geospiza conirostris.
Gold can be processed into many different shapes. It can be rolled into tiny shapes.
It can be pulled into a thin wire that can be twisted and braided, hammered, or rolled into sheets.
It can be made very thin and glued onto other metal, and it can be made so thin that it's sometimes used to decorate hand-painted pictures, called picture manuscripts, in books, called picture manuscripts.
This is called the pH of a chemical, and you can use red charcoal juice to make an indicator.
The juice changes color depending on how acidic or basic the chemical is.
The pH level indicates the amount of hydrogen ions (the H in pH) in the test chemicals.
Hydrogen ions are protons that have had their electrons stripped (because hydrogen atoms are made up of one proton and one electron).
Mix the two dry powders together and then shape them into a ball with clean, wet hands.
The moisture on your hands reacts with the outer layers, which feels weird, and it forms a kind of protective layer.
The cities of Harappa and Mohenjo-daro had flush toilets in almost every home, connected to an elaborate sewage system.
Remains of sewage systems have been found in the houses of the Minoan cities of Crete and Santorini in Greece.
Ancient Egyptians, Persians, and Chinese also had toilets, and in Roman culture, toilets were sometimes part of public baths, frequented by men and women in mixed societies.
If you're calling someone thousands of miles away, you're using a satellite.
The satellite in space picks up the call and then reflects it back down almost immediately.
The satellite was launched into space by a rocket, and scientists use telescopes in space because the Earth's atmosphere distorts our light and our view somewhat.
It takes a gigantic rocket more than 100 feet high to launch a satellite or a telescope into space.
The bicycle has changed the world in incredible ways, and the greatest service that the bicycle has done to us is make transportation much easier and faster.
It has brought us the railroad, the automobile, and many other means of transportation.
Among them are medium-sized cats that eat medium-sized prey, from rabbits to antelopes to deer.
Finally, there are many small cats (including free- roaming domestic cats) that eat much smaller prey such as insects, rodents, lizards, and birds.
The secret to their success is the concept of the niche, a special job that every cat has that ensures they don't compete with others.
Lions are the most social of all cats, living in large groups called packs.
The flocks consist of one to three related adult males and up to thirty females and young.
Women usually have a close relationship with each other when they live in a large family with sisters and daughters.
Lion packs act similarly to wolf or dog packs, animals that are surprisingly similar to lions (but not other big cats) in behavior and are equally deadly to their prey.
A versatile athlete, the tiger can climb (though not particularly well), swim, jump great distances, and pull with five times the strength of a strong man.
The tiger is in the same group (genus Panthera) as lions, leopards, and jaguars. These four cats are the only ones that can roar.
The tiger's roar does not sound like the full-bodied roar of a lion, but more like a phrase of growling words.
Ocelots eat small animals, and when they can, they prey on monkeys, snakes, rodents, and birds, and almost all the animals the ocelot hunts are much smaller than it is.
Scientists believe that ocelots use their sense of smell to track and trace prey, picking up where they have been on the ground.
They have excellent night vision in the dark and can move unnoticed, but they hunt by visually adapting to their surroundings and then pouncing on their prey.
When a small group of organisms (a small population) is separated from the main population from which it originated (for example, when they move across a mountain range or a river, or when they relocate to a new island, so that they cannot easily return), they will often find themselves in a different environment than before.
This new environment has different resources and different competitors, so the new population needs different characteristics or adaptations to be a strong competitor than what it used to be.
The original population hasn't changed at all, and it still needs the same adaptations as before.
Over time, the new population begins to adapt to its new environment, and then it looks less and less like the other population.
After thousands or even millions of years, two populations look so different that they can no longer be assigned to the same species.
And this process, we call speciation, which is simply the emergence of new species, is an inevitable consequence and a very important part of evolution.
Plants produce oxygen, which humans breathe in, and they absorb carbon dioxide, which humans expel (that is, exhale).
Plants produce their food by the sun through photosynthesis.
We build our homes from plants, we make our clothes from plants, we eat mostly from plants, and without plants, animals couldn't survive.
The Mosasaurus was the largest predator of its time, so it feared nothing but other Mosasaurs.
Its long jaws were equipped with more than 70 razor-sharp teeth, plus another set of teeth on its palate, which meant that there was no escape for any animal that crossed its path.
We don't know for sure, but it could have had a forked tongue, fed on turtles, big fish, other mosasaurs, and maybe even been a cannibal.
It also attacked anything that came into the water, and even a large dinosaur like the T. Rex was no match for it.
While most of their food may be familiar to us, the Romans had their share of strange or unusual feasts, including wild boar, peacocks, snails, and a type of rodent called the siebenschläfer.
Another difference was that the poor people and the women ate their meals sitting on chairs, whereas the rich men preferred to have communal banquets where they lay on their sides while eating their meals.
Ancient Roman dishes could not contain foods that would come to Europe in later centuries from America or Asia.
For example, they had no corn, no tomatoes, no potatoes, no cocoa, and no ancient Roman ever ate a turkey.
The Babylonians built a main temple for each of their gods, which was considered the house of the god.
Sacrifices were offered to the gods, and the priests tried to please the gods by means of ceremonies and festivals.
Each temple had an open courtyard and then an inner altar chamber, which was open only to priests.
Sometimes special pyramid-shaped towers, called zikkurats, were erected as part of the temples.
The top of the tower was a special sanctuary for the god.
In the warm climate of the Middle East, houses were not so important.
Most of the Hebrew family's life was spent outdoors.
The women cooked in the yard, the shops were just shop windows facing the street, and the houses were built in stone.
The land of Canaan had no large forests, so timber was extremely expensive.
Greenland was sparsely populated, and the Old Norse legends say that Erik the Red was banished from Iceland for murder, and when he traveled further west, he found Greenland and named it Greenland.
But regardless of its discovery, Eskimo tribes were already living there at that time.
Although all the countries were "Scandinavian", there were many differences between the people, the kings, the customs and the history of Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Iceland.
If you've seen the movie "The Templar Legacy", you might think that there was a treasure map drawn on the back of the Declaration of Independence.
Although the document has writing on the back, it is not a treasure map.
On the back of the Declaration of Independence were the words "Original Declaration of Independence, dated July 4, 1776", which is written upside down at the bottom of the document.
While no one knows for sure who wrote it, it is known that the large parchment document (measuring 293⁄4 inches by 241⁄2 inches) was rolled up for safekeeping early in its life.
It is therefore possible that the entry was simply added as a label.
The D-Day landings and the subsequent battles liberated the north of France, but the south was still not free.
"It was ruled by the Vichy French, who had made peace with the Germans in 1940 and worked with the invaders instead of fighting them".
On August 15, 1940, the Allies invaded southern France; the invasion was called Operation Dragoon.
In just two weeks, American and French liberation forces had liberated the south of France and were moving toward Germany.
A civilization is a distinct culture shared by a significantly large group of people who live and work together, a society.
The word civilization comes from the Latin civilis, which means civil, related to the Latin civis, which means citizen, and civitas, which means city or city state and which also somehow defines the size of a society.
City states are the precursors of nations, and civilized culture implies the transmission of knowledge across generations, a lasting cultural footprint, and appropriate dissemination.
Smaller cultures often disappear without leaving any relevant historical evidence and fail to be recognized as full-fledged civilizations.
During the Revolutionary War, the 13 states formed a weak central government, consisting of only Congress, on the basis of the Federal Treaty.
Congress had no authority to levy taxes, and since there was no national executive or national judiciary, it relied on state authorities, who often failed to cooperate, to enforce all its laws.
Furthermore, it had no authority to override tax laws and interstate customs duties.
The articles required the unanimous consent of all the states before they could be changed, and the states took the central government so lightly that their representatives were often absent.
The Italian national football team is the second most successful in the world, along with the German national football team, and was the 2006 FIFA World Cup champion.
Popular sports include football, basketball, volleyball, water polo, fencing, rugby, cycling, ice hockey, roller hockey, and Formula One motor racing.
Winter sports are most popular in the northern regions and Italians take part in international competitions and the Olympic Games.
Japan has nearly 7,000 islands (the largest of which is Honshu), making it the seventh largest island in the world.
"Because of the cluster/group of islands that became Japan, Japan is often referred to geographically as an 'archipel.'"
Taiwan's origins date back to the 15th century, when European sailors passed by and documented the island's name as Ilha Formosa, or Beautiful Island.
In 1624, the Dutch East India Company established a settlement in southwestern Taiwan, initiating a change in the native grain farming methods and employing Chinese laborers on their rice and sugar plantations.
In 1683, Qing Dynasty (1644-1912) forces took control of Taiwan's western and northern coastal regions and declared Taiwan a province of the Qing Empire in 1885.
In 1895, after the Qing Dynasty government was defeated in the First Sino-Japanese War (1894-1895), it signed the Treaty of Shimonoseki, ceding sovereignty over Taiwan to Japan, which ruled the island until 1945.
Machu Picchu is mainly composed of three structures, the Intihuatana, the Temple of the Sun, and the Room of the Three Windows.
Most of the buildings on the edges of the complex have been rebuilt to give tourists a better impression of what they looked like originally.
By 1976, thirty percent of Machu Picchu had been restored, and restoration work continues to this day.
For example, the most widely used still image format worldwide is 35 mm, which is the predominant film size at the end of the analogue film frame.
It's still made today, but more importantly, its image format was borrowed from the image sensor formats of digital cameras.
In fact, the so-called 35 mm format is confusingly 36 mm wide and 24 mm high.
The aspect ratio of this format (divided by twelve to get the simplest integer ratio) is therefore called 3:2.
Many common formats (the APS format family, for example) have exactly the same or very similar aspect ratio.
The much-maligned and often-derided rule of thirds is a simple guideline that creates dynamism while maintaining a degree of order in an image.
It states that the intersection of the lines that divide a picture vertically and horizontally is the most effective place for the main motif (see example).
During this period of European history, the Catholic Church, which had become rich and powerful, was put to the test.
For over a thousand years, the Christian religion had held the European nations together despite their differences in language and customs.
His omnipotence ruled over everyone, from the king to the commoner.
One of the main tenets of Christianity is that wealth should be used to alleviate suffering and poverty, and that is why churches have money.
The centralization of church authority in Rome for over a thousand years led many to question whether this principle had been met.
Soon after the outbreak of hostilities, Britain initiated a naval blockade against Germany.
The strategy proved effective in cutting off vital military and civilian supplies, even though the blockade was in violation of generally accepted international law, codified by several international treaties over the past two centuries.
Britain laid mines in international waters to prevent ships from penetrating entire stretches of sea, which posed a danger even to neutral ships.
Since the response to this tactic was limited, Germany expected a similar response to its unrestricted submarine warfare.
In the 1920s, pacifism and isolationism were the dominant attitudes of most citizens and countries.
After the horrors and atrocities of World War I, the nations wanted to avoid a similar situation in the future.
In 1884, Tesla moved to the United States of America to take a position with the Edison Company in New York City.
He came to the United States with 4 cents in his possession, a book of poems and a letter of recommendation from Charles Batchelor (his superior at his previous job) to Thomas Edison.
Ancient China had a unique way of marking different eras, each time period in China and each family that ruled was its own dynasty.
There were also periods of divided provinces between the dynasties, the most famous of which was the Three Kingdoms period, which lasted for 60 years between the Han and Jin dynasties.
In those days, bitter wars raged among many nobles vying for the throne.
The Three Kingdoms period was one of the bloodiest periods in ancient Chinese history, thousands of people died in the battle for the highest throne in the great palace of Xi'an.
There are a lot of social and political effects, like the adoption of the metric system, a shift from absolutism to republicanism and nationalism, and the belief that the land belongs to the people and not to a ruler alone.
Also, after the revolution, all professions were open to all male applicants, so that the most ambitious and the best could succeed.
The same was true in the military, because instead of being ranked by class, the army ranks were now based on caliber.
The French Revolution also inspired many oppressed working people in other countries to start their own revolutions.
Muhammad was very interested in things that went beyond this everyday life, and he often visited a cave known as Hira on the mountain of Nur (Light) to meditate.
The cave itself has survived the test of time, providing a vivid picture of Muhammad's spiritual inclinations.
The cave is located on top of one of the mountains north of Mecca and is completely isolated from the rest of the world.
In fact, it's not at all easy to find, even if you know it exists, because once you're in the cave, you're completely isolated.
You see nothing but the clear, beautiful sky above and the many surrounding mountains. From inside the cave, very little of this world is seen or heard.
The Great Pyramid of Cheops is the only one of the Seven Wonders of the World still standing.
Built by the Egyptians in the third century B.C.E., the Pyramid of Cheops is one of many large pyramidal structures built to honor deceased pharaohs.
The Giza Plateau, or the Giza Necropolis, in Egypt's Valley of the Dead, includes several pyramids (the Great Pyramid being the largest), several small tombs, several temples, and the Great Sphinx.
The Great Pyramid was built to honor the Pharaoh Cheops, and many of the smaller pyramids, tombs, and temples were built to honor Cheops' wives and family members.
The upper line symbol looks like a V and the downer symbol looks like a parenthesis or a square with the lower line missing.
Up means you start at the top and you should push the bow down means you start at the frog (which is where your hand holds the bow) and you pull the bow.
The sound of the strumming is usually softer, while the strumming is more forceful and expressive.
You may add your own pencil markings, but remember that the printed arrow markings are there for musical reasons, and should normally be respected.
On October 6, 1789, a mob of market women forced King Louis XIV, Queen Marie-Antoinette, their two young children (Marie-Therese, aged 11, and Louis-Charles, aged 4) and the king's sister, Madame Elisabeth, to return to Paris.
They traveled back to Paris in a carriage, surrounded by a screaming mob of people who were making threats against the king and queen.
The mob forced the king and queen to open the windows of their carriages wide.
At one point, a member of the angry crowd shook the head of a royal guard killed at Versailles in front of the horrified queen.
The war costs of the US imperialists in the conquest of the Philippines were borne by the Filipino people themselves.
They were forced to pay taxes to the U.S. colonial regime to cover the bulk of the expenses, and the interest on bonds flowed in the name of the Philippine government through the Wall Street banking houses.
Of course, the super profits that came from the continued exploitation of the Filipino people were the basic gains of US imperialism.
To understand the Templars, you have to understand the context that led to the founding of the Order.
The period in which the events took place is commonly called the High Middle Ages, a period of European history that spanned the 11th, 12th, and 13th centuries (1000-1300 C.E.).
The High Middle Ages were preceded by the Early Middle Ages, followed by the Late Middle Ages, which coincidentally ends around 1500.
Technological determinism is a term that encompasses a wide range of ideas in practice, from the technology push or technological imperative to the strict sense that human destiny is determined by an underlying logic connected to scientific laws and their manifestation in technology.
Most interpretations of technological determinism share two general ideas: on the one hand, that the development of technology itself follows a path that is largely beyond cultural or political influence, and on the other hand, that technology in turn has "impacts" on societies that are inherently rather than socially conditioned.
It can be argued, for example, that the passenger car inevitably brings with it the development of roads.
However, a nationwide road network is not economically viable for only a small number of cars, so new production methods are being developed to reduce the cost of car ownership.
The widespread car ownership is also leading to a higher number of accidents on the roads, which in turn is leading to the invention of new healthcare techniques to repair damaged bodies.
Romanticism had a strong, culturally deterministic element, drawing from writers such as Goethe, Fichte and Schlegel.
In the context of the Romantic period, it was geography that shaped individuals, and over time, customs and cultures related to that geography emerged, and these, being in harmony with the place of society, were better than arbitrary laws.
Just as Paris is known as the fashion capital of the modern world, Constantinople was the fashion capital of feudal Europe.
Its fame as the epicenter of luxury began around 400 AD and lasted until about 1100 AD.
Its status declined over the course of the 12th century, mainly due to the fact that the Crusaders had returned with gifts such as silk and spices, which were considered more valuable than the offerings of the Byzantine markets.
It was also at this time that the title of the fashion capital of the world was transferred from Constantinople to Paris.
The Gothic style reached its peak between the 10th and 14th centuries.
At first, clothing was strongly influenced by the Byzantine culture in the East.
However, the styles in the West are 25 to 30 years behind due to the slow communication channels.
Towards the end of the Middle Ages, Western Europe slowly began to develop its own style, and one of the most important developments of the time was that people began to use buttons to secure clothing as a result of the Crusades.
A demand economy is an agriculture that aims to produce just enough food to meet the needs of the farmer and his/her family.
Subsistence farming is a simple, often organic, farming method that uses low-cost, ecoregion-specific seeds and combines them with alternative crop management or other relatively simple techniques to maximize yields.
In the past, most farmers were subsistence farmers, and in many developing countries, this is still the case.
Subcultures bring together like-minded people who feel neglected by societal norms and enable them to develop a sense of identity.
Subcultures may distinguish themselves from others in terms of age, ethnicity, class, location and/or gender of members.
The characteristics that distinguish a subculture as such may be linguistic, aesthetic, religious, political, sexual, or geographical in nature, or a combination of these factors.
Members of a subculture often signal their belonging by a distinctive and symbolic style, which includes fashion, customs, and jargon.
One of the most common ways of illustrating the importance of socialization is to draw on the few unfortunate cases of children who, because of neglect, accident or intentional abuse, were not socialized by adults during their childhood.
"Some children who have become feral have been held captive by humans (usually their own parents); in some cases, the child's neglect has been due to the parents' inability to accept the child's significant intellectual or physical limitations".
Wolf pups may have experienced massive childhood abuse or traumatic experiences before they were abandoned or ran away.
Others are said to have been raised by animals; some are said to have lived alone in the wilderness.
When raised entirely by animals, the feral child exhibits behaviors (within its physical capabilities) that are almost completely consistent with those of its specific caretaker animal, such as its fear or indifference to humans.
While project-based learning is supposed to make the learning process easier and more interesting, the 'scaffolding' goes one step further.
Scaffolding is not a learning method but rather an aid which supports individuals in a novel learning situation such as using a new computer program or starting a new project.
Scaffolds can be both virtual and real, in other words, a teacher is a form of scaffolding, but also the little office-clamp man in Microsoft Office.
Virtual assistants are built into the software and are designed to question, suggest and explain work steps that the student may not be able to handle on their own.
Children are placed in foster care for a variety of reasons, ranging from neglect to abuse to blackmail.
No child should be forced to grow up in an environment that is not caring, loving and educational, but many are forced to do so.
We believe that the system of foster care is a safety net for these children.
Our foster care system is designed to provide a safe home, loving caregivers, stable education, and reliable health care.
The nursing home is supposed to meet all the needs they did not get in the home from which they were taken.
The Internet combines elements of mass communication as well as interpersonal communication.
The specific characteristics of the Internet have led to additional dimensions in the benefit and reward approach.
For example, 'learning' and 'socialisation' are cited as important motivations for Internet use (James et al., 1995).
'Personal engagement' and 'persistent relationships' were also identified as new motivational aspects by Eighmey and McCord (1998) when they studied audience reactions to websites.
The use of video recordings has led to important insights in the interpretation of microexpressions, facial movements lasting a few milliseconds.
In particular, it is claimed that you can tell if someone is lying by correctly interpreting minimal changes in facial expression.x
In his article The President's Speech, Oliver Sacks showed how people who cannot understand language because of brain damage can still correctly evaluate the honesty of others.
He even claims that the ability to interpret human behavior may be shared with animals like domestic dogs.
Research in the 20th century has shown that there are two pools of genetic variation: hidden and expressed.
Mutation creates new genetic variations and selection removes these from the pool of expressed variations.
Segregation and recombination mix the variation between the two pools with each generation back and forth.
Out in the savannah, it is difficult for a primate with a digestive system like that of humans to meet its amino acid needs from available plant sources.
And it has serious consequences if neglected: stunted growth, malnutrition, and eventual death.
The most easily accessible plant resources would have been the proteins in leaves and legumes, but these are hard for primates like us to digest unless they're cooked.
In contrast, animal food sources (ant, termite, eggs) are not only easily digestible but also provide large amounts of protein containing all the essential amino acids.
Overall, it should not surprise us if our own ancestors solved their "protein problem" in a similar way to how chimpanzees in the savannah do today.
Sleep-delay is the process of purposefully waking up during normal sleep periods and falling asleep shortly (10-60 minutes) later.
This can be achieved simply by using a relatively quiet alarm clock to bring you to consciousness without waking you completely.
If you're someone who imagines the alarm clock in your sleep, you can put it on the other side of the room, so that you're forced to leave the bed to turn it off.
Another biorhythm-based option is to drink plenty of fluids (especially water or tea, which is known to be diuretic) before going to bed, forcing you to get up to urinate.
The degree of inner calm a person has is inversely correlated with the degree of tension in the body and mind.
The less tension there is, the more positive life force there is, and every person has the potential to find absolute peace and contentment.
The only thing that stands in the way of this goal is our own tension and negativity.
Tibetan Buddhism is based on the teachings of Buddha, but has been expanded to include the path of love of Mahayana and numerous techniques of Indian yoga.
The essence of Tibetan Buddhism is very simple, it consists of Kundalini Yoga, meditation and the path of all-embracing love.
Kundalini yoga is the awakening of the Kundalini energy (enlightenment energy) through yoga poses, breathing exercises, mantras and visualizations.
The central theme of Tibetan meditation is the God Yoga, where the visualization of various deities cleanses the energy channels, opens the chakras, and creates enlightened consciousness.
Germany was a common enemy in World War II, which led to cooperation between the USSR and the U.S. After the war ended, the clash of systems, history and culture led to the countries becoming enemies.
Two years after the war ended, the former allies were now enemies and the Cold War began.
It was to last for the next 40 years, and in reality, it would be waged by proxy armies on battlefields from Africa to Asia, Afghanistan, Cuba and many other places.
By 17 September 1939, the Polish defences had already completely collapsed and the only hope was a retreat and a re-positioning along the Romanian bridgehead.
However, these plans were rendered obsolete almost overnight when over 800,000 soldiers of the Soviet Union's Red Army invaded and created the Belarusian and Ukrainian fronts after invading the eastern regions of Poland in violation of the Riga Peace Treaty, the Soviet-Polish Non-Aggression Pact, and other bilateral and multilateral international treaties.
The use of ships for the transport of goods is by far the most efficient method of transporting large quantities of people and goods across the oceans.
The Navy's role has traditionally been to ensure that a country remains capable of transporting people and goods, while also impeding the enemy's ability to transport people and goods.
One of the most significant recent examples of this is the North Atlantic campaign of World War II, where the Americans tried to bring men and supplies across the Atlantic to help Britain.
At the same time, the German navy tried to stop this traffic mainly with submarines.
If the Allies had failed, Germany might have conquered Britain just as it had conquered the rest of Europe.
Goats were apparently domesticated in the Zāgros Mountains of Iran about 10,000 years ago.
Ancient cultures and tribes began to keep them as farm animals for easy access to their milk, fur, meat, and skin.
Domestic goats were usually kept in herds that roamed hills or other pastures, and were tended by goat herders, much like the more well-known sheep herders, often children or adolescents.
As early as the 16th century, conveyor belts were built in England.
Although the rails were made of only parallel wooden planks, they allowed the horses pulling the wagons to reach higher speeds and to pull larger loads than on the rougher roads of the time.
Early on, thresholds were used to secure the position of the rails, but gradually it was realized that rails with a band of iron were more efficient.
This became common, but the iron caused more wear on the wooden wheels of the carts.
Eventually, wooden wheels were replaced by iron wheels, and in 1767 the first all-iron rails were introduced.
The first known form of transportation was walking, and humans began to walk upright two million years ago with the appearance of Homo erectus (which means "upright man").
Their predecessors, the Australopithecus, did not walk upright with such regularity.
Two-legged species are found in Australopithecus fossils from 4.2 to 3.9 million years ago, although Sahelanthropus may have walked on two legs as early as seven million years ago.
We can live more environmentally friendly lives, we can join the environmental movement, and we can even become activists to alleviate some of the suffering in the future.
In many cases, this is just symptomatic treatment, but if you want more than temporary solutions, then we should find the root of the problem and treat it.
It is truly evident that the world has changed greatly because of mankind's scientific and technological advances and that the problems caused by overpopulation and people's extravagant life-styles have become more serious.
After it passed Congress on July 4, a handwritten draft, signed by Congress President John Hancock and Secretary Charles Thomson, was sent a few blocks away to John Dunlap's printing office.
During the night, between 150 and 200 copies were made, which are now known as "Dunlap broadsides".
The first public reading of the document was given by John Nixon in the courtyard of Independence Hall on July 8.
One was sent to George Washington on July 6, and he read it to his troops in New York on July 9, and a copy reached London on August 10.
The 25 Dunlap pages that remain are the oldest extant copies of the document.
Many paleontologists today believe that there is a group of dinosaurs that survived and are still alive today. We call them birds.
Many people don't think of them as dinosaurs because they have feathers and they can fly.
Yet many things about birds still look like they would have on a dinosaur.
They have feet with scales and claws, lay eggs and walk on two hind legs like a Tyrannosaurus rex.
Almost all computers used today are based on the processing of information encoded in the form of binary numbers.
A binary number can have only one of two values, namely 0 or 1, and these numbers are called binary digits - or bits, to use computer jargon.
Internal poisoning may not be immediately apparent, and symptoms such as vomiting are so common that a diagnosis cannot be made immediately.
The best indication of ingestion poisoning may be the presence of an open container of medication or toxic household chemicals.
Check the label for specific first-aid instructions for this particular poison.
The term "applied" is used by entomologists in a formal sense for this group of insects.
This term derives from our ancient familiarity with bed bugs, which are insects that are highly adaptable in their ability to parasitize humans.
Both bed bugs and predators are nidicols, that is, they are adapted to live in the nest or dwelling of their hosts.
In the United States, there are about 400,000 known cases of multiple sclerosis (MS), making it the most common neurological disease in young and middle-aged adults.
MS is a disease that affects the central nervous system, which is made up of the brain, spinal cord, and optic nerve.
Studies have shown that women are twice as likely as men to develop MS.
A couple may decide that raising a baby is not in their own best interests or in the best interests of their child.
These couples can opt for an adoption plan for their baby.
In an adoption, the biological parents give up their parental rights so that another couple can take over the parenting role.
The main goal of science is to find out how the world works by using the scientific method, which is, in fact, the basis of most scientific research.
However, it is not just about experimenting, where an experiment is a test designed to rule out one or more of the possible hypotheses. Scientific research is also guided by asking questions and making observations.
Natural scientists and philosophers focused on classical texts, especially the Bible in Latin.
Aristotle's views on all scientific matters, including psychology, were accepted.
With the loss of Greek language knowledge, the West was cut off from its philosophical and scientific roots in Greece.
Many observed rhythms in physiology and behaviour are often due in large part to the presence of the body's own cycles and their production by biological clocks.
Behaviors determined by a cycle, which are not only reactions to signs of external cycles, are known in most living things, including bacteria, fungi, plants and animals.
Biological clocks are self-sustaining oscillators that even in the absence of external signals, execute a period of unwound cycles.
The Hershey-Chase experiment was one of the key pieces of evidence that DNA is genetic material.
Hershey and Chase used phages, or viruses, to insert their own DNA into a bacterium.
They conducted two experiments in which they marked either the DNA of the phage with radioactive phosphorus or a protein in the phage with radioactive sulfur.
Mutations can have a variety of effects depending on the type of mutation, the significance of the piece of genetic material involved, and whether the cells involved are germline cells.
Only mutations in germline cells can be passed on to children, while mutations elsewhere can lead to cell death or cancer.
Nature-based tourism attracts people who are interested in visiting natural areas to enjoy the landscape, including the wild plants and animals.
Examples of activities on site include hunting, fishing, photography, bird watching, visiting parks and learning about the ecosystem.
One example is visiting, photographing and studying orangutans in Borneo.
Every morning, people leave small provincial towns by car to go to work and are passed by others whose workplace is in the place they just left.
In this dynamic commuter system, everyone is in some way connected to and supports a transport system based on the private car.
Science now suggests that this massive carbon economy has pushed the biosphere out of one of its stable states that has supported human evolution for the last two million years.
Everyone participates in society and uses transport systems.
In developed lands, you will rarely hear similar complaints about water quality or the collapse of bridges.
Why do transport systems fail so badly, why do they fail every day, are transportation engineers just incompetent, or is there something more fundamental going on?
Traffic flow is the study of the movement of individual drivers and vehicles between two points and the interactions that take place between them.
Unfortunately, studying traffic flows is difficult because you cannot predict driver behavior with 100% certainty.
Fortunately, motorists tend to behave with some consistency, so traffic flows have a certain constancy and can be represented mathematically in rough form.
In order to better represent the traffic flow, the relationships between the three main characteristics have been defined: (1) flow, (2) density and (3) speed.
These relationships help in the planning, design and operation of facilities on the road.
Insects were the first animals to conquer the skies, and their ability to fly helped them evade predators and find food and mates more efficiently.
Most insects can fold their wings back along their body.
This gives them a wider range of small hiding places to hide from predators.
Today, dragonflies and hummingbirds are the only insects that cannot fold their wings back.
Thousands of years ago, a man named Aristarchus claimed that the sun was at the center of the movements of the solar system.
Some people thought he was right, but many believed the opposite - that the solar system, including the sun (and even the other stars), revolved around the earth.
That seems reasonable, since it doesn't feel like the earth is moving, does it?
The Amazon is the second longest and the most water-rich river on earth, carrying more than eight times as much water as the second largest stream.
The Amazon is also the widest river on earth, up to six miles wide in some places.
A full 20 percent of the water that flows through the planet's rivers into the oceans comes from the Amazon.
The Amazon River is 6,387 kilometers (3,980 miles) long, and it draws water from thousands of smaller rivers.
Although the building of stone pyramids continued until the end of the Old Kingdom, the Pyramids of Giza were never surpassed in size and technical perfection of construction.
Egyptians in the ancient New Kingdom marveled at the monuments of their ancestors, which were then well over a thousand years old.
With a population of about 800, Vatican City is the smallest independent state and the least populous country in the world.
Vatican City uses Italian for its legislation and official communication.
Italian is also the everyday language of most of those working in the state, while Latin is often used in religious ceremonies.
All citizens of Vatican City are Roman Catholics.
Basic chemical elements such as gold, silver and copper have been known to man since ancient times, as they are all found in their original form in nature and can be mined with primitive tools.
Aristotle, a philosopher, theorized that all things are made up of a mixture of one or more of four elements, namely, earth, water, air, and fire.
This was more like the four aggregate states (in the same order): solid, liquid, gas and plasma, but he also theorized that they transform into new substances to form what we see.
Alloy is basically a mixture of two or more metals, and don't forget that there are many elements in the periodic table.
Elements like calcium and potassium are considered metals, but of course there are other metals, like silver and gold.
There are also alloys that contain small amounts of nonmetallic elements such as carbon.
The universe as a whole is made of matter. All matter is made of tiny particles called atoms.
Atoms are so tiny that trillions of them would fit into the dot at the end of this sentence.
As a result, the pencil became a good friend to many people after its invention.
Sadly, with the advent of modern writing methods, the pencil has been pushed into the background, so that it has been relegated to a back seat in its status and use.
Nowadays, people write messages on computer screens without ever having to go near a pin.
One wonders what will become of the keyboard when something new comes along.
The atomic bomb is based on the principle that you need energy to put together a nucleus with many protons and neutrons.
It's like when you roll a heavy truck up a hill, and when you split the core, some of that energy is released.
Some atoms have unstable nuclei, meaning that they can decay with little or no impact.
The surface of the moon is made up of rock and dust. The outer layer of the moon is called the crust.
The crust is about 70 kilometers thick on the near side and 100 kilometers on the far side.
It's thinner under the mares and thicker under the highlands.
On the near side, there might be more maria, because the crust is thinner, and it was easier for the lava to rise to the surface.
Content theories focus on finding what moves or appeals to people.
These theories suggest that people have certain needs and/or desires that are internalized as they grow into adulthood.
These theories deal with what causes certain people to want the things they do, and what influences in their environment cause them to do or not do certain things.
Two popular content theories are Maslow's hierarchy of needs theory and Hertzberg's two-factor theory.
In general, there are two behaviors that can emerge when managers start to manage their former colleagues: one end of the spectrum is trying to remain "one of the boys" (or "one of the girls").
This type of manager has trouble making unpopular decisions, disciplining, evaluating performance, assigning responsibilities, and making employees accountable.
At the other end of the spectrum, you turn into an unrecognizable individual who has to do everything differently than the team did and take everything for granted.
Ultimately, the team leader is responsible for the success and failure of the team.
This behaviour often leads to friction between the leaders and the rest of the team.
Virtual teams are run to the same standards of excellence as conventional teams, but there are subtle differences.
Virtual team members often act as a point of contact for their immediate physical group.
They often have more autonomy than conventional team members, as their teams can meet in different time zones that may not be considered by local management.
The presence of a real 'invisible team' (Larson and LaFasto 1989, p. 109) is also a unique component of a virtual team.
"The 'invisible team' is the management team to which each member reports. The invisible team sets the standards for each member.x"
Why would an organisation undertake the time-consuming process of introducing a learning organisation?
When all available resources are used effectively across all departments in an organisation, creativity and ingenuity can emerge.
As a result, the collaborative work of an organisation to overcome an obstacle can lead to a new innovative approach to responding to customer needs.
Before an organisation can be innovative, leadership must develop a culture of innovation as well as of shared knowledge and organisational learning.
Angel (2006) explains the continuum concept as a method to help organisations become more efficient.
Neurobiological data provide physical evidence for a theoretical approach to the study of cognition, thereby narrowing the field of research and making it much more precise.
The correlation between brain pathology and behavior supports scientists in their research.
It's been known for a long time that different types of brain damage, such as trauma, injury and tumors, affect behavior and cause changes in some brain functions.
Emerging technologies are allowing us to see and explore certain brain structures and processes for the first time.
This gives us a lot of information and material to build simulation models that help us understand what's going on in our minds.
AI is strongly associated with science fiction, but is an important branch of computer science that deals with the behavior, learning, and intelligent adaptation of machines.
Research in AI involves the production of machines to automate tasks that require intelligent behaviour.
Examples include control, strategy and timing, the ability to respond to customer diagnoses and questions, and handwriting, voice and facial recognition.
These things have become their own separate disciplines that focus on finding solutions to real-life problems.
The AI system is now widely used in business, medicine, engineering and the military, and has been incorporated into numerous software applications for home computers and video games.
Excursions are an important part of every school class, and it is not uncommon for a teacher to take her students to places where a bus trip is out of the question.
Virtual excursions are a technical solution, allowing pupils to view museum objects from the classroom, visit an aquarium or admire beautiful works of art.
Sharing a virtual field trip is also a great way to reflect on a trip and share experiences with future classes.
For example, every year, students at Bennet School in North Carolina design a website about their trip to the state capital, and the website is updated every year, but the previous versions remain online and serve as a collectible album.
Blogs can also help improve students' writing skills, although students often have sloppy grammar and spelling at the beginning of their blogging experience, but that usually changes when there is an audience.
Since students are often a very critical audience, the blogger makes an effort to improve his writing style to avoid criticism.
Blogging also "forces students to learn more about the world around them".The need to arouse the interest of the audience inspires students to write cleverly and interestingly (Toto, 2004).
Blogging is a tool that inspires collaboration and encourages students to continue learning far beyond the traditional school day.
The appropriate use of blogs 'can enable pupils to become more analytical and critical; by actively responding to Internet materials, pupils can define their positions in the context of the texts of others and present their own perspectives on certain issues' (Oravec, 2002).
Ottawa is Canada's charming bilingual capital, and is distinguished by a number of art galleries and museums that present Canada's past and present.
Further south are Niagara Falls, and to the north, the unspoiled beauty of nature extends into Muskoka and beyond.
All these things and more make Ontario what outsiders may consider to be typically Canadian.
Large areas further north are rather sparsely populated and some are almost uninhabited wilderness.
A demographic comparison that surprises many: There are more African Americans living in the United States than there are citizens of Canada.
The East African islands are located in the Indian Ocean off the east coast of Africa.
Madagascar is by far the largest and, in terms of wildlife, a continent of its own.
Most of the smaller islands are independent nations or part of France and are known as luxurious seaside resorts.
The Arabs also brought Islam to the country, and it was very successful in the Comoros and Mayotte.
European influence and colonialism began in the 15th century, when Portuguese navigator Vasco da Gama discovered the Cape Route from Europe to India.
The region is bounded on the north by the Sahel and on the south and west by the Atlantic Ocean.
Women: It is recommended that all female travellers claim to be married, regardless of their actual marital status.
Wearing a ring is also helpful (but not one that looks too expensive.
Women should realize that cultural differences can lead to what they would consider assault, and that it is not uncommon to be stalked, grabbed, etc.
Be consistent in rejecting men, and don't be afraid to defend your point of view (cultural differences, but that doesn't mean it's okay!)
The city of Casablanca was founded by Berber fishermen in the 10th century BC and was used by the Phoenicians, Romans and Merinids as a strategic port called Anfa.
The Portuguese destroyed it and rebuilt it under the name Casa Branca, only to abandon it after an earthquake in 1755.
The Moroccan sultan rebuilt the city as Dar el Beida, and it was called Casablanca by Spanish merchants who established trading posts there.
Casablanca is one of the least interesting places to shop in all of Morocco.
Around the old medina, it's easy to find places selling traditional Moroccan goods such as tagine, ceramics, leather goods, water pipes and a whole range of tinf, but that's all just for the tourists.
Goma is a tourist town in the easternmost part of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, near Rwanda.
In 2002, Goma was destroyed by the lava of the Nyiragongo volcano, which buried most of the city's streets, especially the city center.
While Goma is relatively safe, any trip outside Goma should be carefully planned to learn about the state of the ongoing fighting in North Kivu province.
The city is also the starting point for climbing Mount Nyiragongo and for some of the cheapest mountain gorilla tracking tours in Africa.
You can use Bodabodas (motorcycle taxis) to get around Goma. The usual (local) price is ~500 Congolese francs for the short ride.x
This, combined with its relative inaccessibility, has made 'Timbuktu' a metaphor for exotic, distant lands.
Although Timbuktu is a tourist attraction and has an airport due to its reputation, it is an impoverished city today.
In 1990, it was added to the list of World Heritage Sites in Danger due to the threat of desert sand.
It was one of the main stations of Louis Gates PBS special "Wonders of the African World".
The city stands in stark contrast to the rest of the country's cities, because it has an Arab flair rather than an African one.
Kruger National Park (KNP) is located in the northeast of South Africa, bordering Mozambique to the east, Zimbabwe to the north and the Crocodile River to the south.
The park has an area of 19,500 km2 and is divided into 14 different ecozones, each of which supports a different wildlife.
It is one of South Africa's main attractions and is considered the flagship of the South African National Parks (SANParks).
Like all South African national parks, the park charges daily protection and entry fees.
It may also be worthwhile to purchase a wild card, which grants access to either selected parks in South Africa or to all South African national parks.
Hong Kong Island is the namesake of the territory of Hong Kong and is the focal point for many tourists.
The buildings that make up the Hong Kong skyline have been compared to a dazzling bar chart, made visible by the presence of the waters of Victoria Harbour.x
For the best views of Hong Kong, you should leave the island and head to the opposite shore of Kowloon.
The bulk of Hong Kong Island's urbanisation is crammed onto newly acquired land along the north coast.
This is the place that the British colonists took over, and if you're looking for traces of the area's colonial past, this is a good place to start.
The Sundarbans is the largest mangrove belt in the world, stretching for over 50 miles [80 km] from the Bangladeshi and Indian hinterlands to the coast.
The Sundarbans have been declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site, and the part of the forest that lies within the Indian territory is called the Sundarbans National Park.
But the forests are not just mangrove swamps. They also contain some of the last remnants of the mighty jungle that once covered the Ganges plain.
The Sundarbans extends over an area of 3,850 km2, of which one third is covered by water and marshes.
The Sundarbans have been a nature reserve since 1966, and it is estimated that 400 Bengal tigers and some 30,000 spotted deer now roam the area.
Buses depart from the inter-district bus station (across the river) throughout the day, with most buses, especially those heading east and Jakar/Bumthang, departing between 06:30 and 07:30.
Since the buses between the districts are often full, it is advisable to buy a ticket a few days in advance.
Most districts are served by small Japanese coaster buses, which are comfortable and stable.x
Public taxis provide a quick and convenient way to get to nearby places such as Paro (No. 150) and Punakha (No. 200).
The Oyapock River Bridge is a cable-stayed bridge that spans the Oyapock River and connects the cities of Oiapoque in Brazil and Saint-Georges de l'Oyapock in French Guiana.
Its two towers are 83 metres high, its length is 378 metres and it has two lanes of 3.50 metres wide.
The bridge has a crossing height of 15 metres (49 ft). Construction was completed in August 2011, but the bridge was not opened to traffic until March 2017.
The bridge is expected to be fully operational in September 2017, by which time the Brazilian customs checkpoints are expected to be completed.
The Guaraní were the most important indigenous group inhabiting what is now eastern Paraguay, living as semi-nomadic hunters who also practiced subsistence agriculture.
The Chaco region was also home to other groups of indigenous tribes, such as the Guaycurú and the Payaguá, who survived by hunting, gathering and fishing.x
Paraguay, formerly known as the Greater West Indies Province, was founded in the 16th century as a result of the Spanish conquerors' encounters with the indigenous groups.
The Spanish began a period of colonization that lasted three centuries.
Since the founding of Asunción in 1537, Paraguay has managed to preserve much of its indigenous character and identity.
Argentina is known for having some of the best polo players in the world.
The biggest tournament of the year takes place in December at the Las Cañitas Polo Grounds.
Smaller tournaments and competitions can also be viewed at other times of the year.x
Information on competitions and sales points for polo tickets can be found at the Asociación Argentina de Polo.
The official currency of the Falkland Islands is the Falkland Pound (FKP), whose value is fixed in accordance with the value of the British Pound (GBP).
Money can be exchanged at the only bank on the island, which is located in Stanley across from the FIC West Store.
The British pound is accepted throughout the islands and on Stanley credit cards.
Credit cards are unlikely to be accepted on the outlying islands, although British and US currency may be accepted; check with the owners in advance to see which payment method is accepted.
It is almost impossible to exchange the Falkland Islands currency outside the islands themselves, so you should exchange the money before leaving the island.x
Because Montevideo is south of the equator, it is summer there when it is winter in the northern hemisphere and vice versa.
Montevideo is located in the subtropics, and temperatures in excess of +30 °C are common in the summer months.
Winter can be deceptively cool: temperatures rarely go below freezing, but wind and humidity make it feel colder than what the thermometer indicates.
There are no pronounced rainy or dry seasons: the amount of precipitation remains about the same throughout the year.
Although many of the animals in the park are used to seeing humans, the wildlife is still wild and should not be fed or disturbed.
According to park officials, visitors should keep at least 100 yards from bears and wolves and 25 yards from all other wildlife!
No matter how peaceful bison, wapiti, moose, bear, and virtually all other large animals may seem, they may turn on you.
Every year, dozens of visitors are injured because they don't keep enough distance, and these animals are big, wild and potentially dangerous, so give them plenty of room.
Also, be aware that odors can attract bears and other wildlife, so avoid carrying or cooking strong-smelling food, and keep your storage area clean.
Apia is the capital of Samoa, located on the island of Upolu, and has a population of just under 40,000.
Apia was founded in the 1850s and has been the official capital of Samoa since 1959.
The harbour was the scene of an infamous naval standoff in 1889, when seven ships from Germany, the United States and Britain refused to leave the harbour.
All ships were sunk except for a British cruiser, and nearly 200 Americans and Germans were killed.
During the independence struggle organized by the Mau movement, a peaceful assembly in the city led to the killing of the top Tupua chief Tamasese Lealofi III.
Since Auckland is spread over two harbours, there are many beaches.
The beaches of the North Shore (in the North Harbour district) are on the Pacific Ocean, stretching from Long Bay in the north to Devonport in the south.
Almost all are sandy beaches with safe bathing facilities, and most offer shade provided by Pohutukawa trees.
The beaches of Tamaki Drive are located at the Waitemata Harbour, in the upscale suburbs of Mission Bay, and St. Heliers in Central Auckland.
There are family beaches, sometimes crowded, with a nice shopping promenade along the coast.
The most important local beer is Number One. It is not a complex beer, but pleasant and refreshing. The other local beer is called Manta.
There are many French wines to drink, but the New Zealand and Australian wines may be better tolerated.
The local tap water is safe to drink, but if you are worried, bottled water is also easy to find.
"The idea of a 'flat white' coffee is foreign to Australians. A small black is 'espresso', cappuccino is filled high with cream (not foam) and tea is served without milk".
The hot chocolate is of Belgian standard, and the fruit juices are expensive, but excellent.
Many trips to the reef take place throughout the year and injuries due to any of these causes on the reef are rare.x
However, you should follow the advice of authorities, observe all signs and pay particular attention to safety warnings.
Cube jellyfish occur near beaches and near estuaries from October to April north of 1770, and may occasionally occur outside this period.
Sharks do exist, but they rarely attack people. Most sharks are afraid of people and would swim away.
Saltwater crocodiles are not active in the sea, their primary habitat being in estuaries north of Rockhampton.
Booking in advance gives the traveler the assurance that he will have a place to stay after arriving at his destination.
Travel agencies often have agreements with specific hotels, although you may be able to book other types of accommodation, such as camping, through a travel agency.x
Travel agencies commonly offer packages that include breakfast, transportation to and from the airport, or even a combination of flight and hotel.
They can also hold your reservation for you if you need time to reconsider the offer or to obtain further documents for your destination (e.g. visa).
However, any changes or inquiries should be addressed to the travel agent first and not directly to the hotel.
At some festivals, the vast majority of festival-goers choose to camp on site, and most visitors consider this an important part of the experience.
If you want to be close to the action, you have to get there early to get a campsite near the music.
Remember that at some parts of the festival, music will still be played late into the night, even though the music on the main stages has already stopped.
Some festivals have special camping areas for families with small children.
If you are crossing the northern Baltic in winter, check the position of the cabin, as the break in the ice causes quite a terrible noise for those most affected.
The cruises to St Petersburg also provide time for a stay in the city.
Casinos usually make a great effort to keep guests in as long as possible and to keep them spending a lot of money.
They usually have special offers of food, drink and entertainment to keep the guests happy and to make sure they stay.
Some gambling establishments offer free alcoholic beverages, but drunkenness impairs judgment, and all good players realize the importance of staying sober.
Those who want to drive at high latitudes or over mountain passes should expect snow, ice, and subfreezing temperatures.
On icy and snowy roads, the adhesion is low and you cannot drive as if you were on bare asphalt.
In a blizzard, so much snow can fall in a very short time that you can get stuck.
The visibility may also be affected by falling or drifting snow or by condensation or ice on the vehicle windows.
On the other hand, icy and snowy conditions are normal in many countries, and traffic runs for the most part uninterrupted throughout the year.
Safaris are perhaps the biggest tourist attraction in Africa and the highlight for many visitors.
The term safari is commonly used to describe a trip to observe the amazing African wildlife, especially in the savannah.
Some animals, such as elephants and giraffes, tend to get close to cars, and standard equipment allows for good visibility.
Lions, cheetahs, and leopards are often shy, and you can observe them better with binoculars.
A walking safari (also called a bushwalk, walking safari, or footing) is a hike that lasts either a few hours or several days.
The Paralympics will be held from 24 August to 5 September 2021, with some events being held at other locations across Japan.
Tokyo will be the only Asian city to host two Summer Olympics, having hosted the games in 1964.
If you booked your 2020 flights and accommodations before the postponement was announced, you could be in a difficult situation.
Cancellation policies vary, but as of late March, most cancellation policies due to the coronavirus did not apply until July 2020, when the Olympics were scheduled to take place.
It is estimated that most tickets for the event will cost between ¥2,500 and ¥130,000, with an average ticket costing around ¥7,000.
Ironing wet clothes can help dry them. Many hotels lend irons and ironing boards even when you are not in the room.
If an iron is not available or you do not want to wear ironed socks, you can try using a hair dryer if one is available.
Be careful not to overheat the fabric (this can shrink it or, in extreme cases, cause burns).
There are various methods of purifying water, some of which have been found to be more effective in countering certain hazards.
In some areas, boiling water for a minute is sufficient; in others, it may take several minutes.
The effectiveness of filters varies greatly, and if you have concerns, you should consider buying your water in a sealed bottle from a reputable company.
Travelers may encounter animal pests unknown to them from their home regions.
Insects can spoil food, cause irritation, or, in the worst cases, even cause allergic reactions, poison, or transmit disease.
Infectious diseases as such or dangerous animals that can violently injure or kill humans are not usually classified as pests.
Duty-free shopping is the possibility of buying goods which are exempt from duties and excise duties in certain places.
Travellers whose destination country has a high taxation rate can sometimes save a considerable amount of money, especially on products such as alcoholic beverages and tobacco.
The section between Point Marion and Fairmount on the Buffalo-Pittsburgh highway is perhaps the most challenging to drive, as it often passes through remote, undeveloped terrain.
If you are not used to driving on country roads, be careful: steep slopes, narrow lanes and sharp curves are common here.
The posted speed limits are significantly lower than in the preceding and following sections - usually 35-40 mph (56-64 km/h) - and their strict adherence is even more important than usual.
But interestingly, the cell phone coverage here is much better than in many other areas of the trail, such as the Pennsylvania Wilds.
German baked goods are quite tasty. In Bavaria they are quite rich and varied, as well as in the southern neighbor Austria.
Fruit cake is widely used, with apples being baked all year round and cherries and plums used in the summer.
Many German baked goods also include almonds, hazelnuts, or other nuts. Popular cakes often go especially well with a cup of strong coffee.
If you want to make small but rich pastries, try what is known as Berliner, pancake, or donut, depending on the region.
A curry is a dish based on herbs and spices, along with either meat or vegetables.
A curry can be either "dry" or "wet" depending on the amount of liquid.
Inland in northern India and Pakistan, yogurt is commonly used in curries; in southern India and some other coastal regions of the subcontinent, coconut milk is commonly used.
With a selection of 17,000 islands, Indonesian food is an umbrella term that encompasses a wide variety of regional cuisines found throughout the country.
However, when used without further attribution, the term usually refers to food originating from the central and eastern parts of the main island of Java.
The Javanese cuisine, which is now widespread throughout the archipelago, offers a variety of simple spicy dishes, with the Javanese preferring peanuts, chilli, sugar (especially Javanese coconut sugar) and a number of aromatic spices as flavorings.
Riding harnesses are supports for the rider's feet that hang down on either side of the saddle.
They give the rider more stability, but there are safety concerns because the rider's feet may get caught in them.
If a rider falls off the horse and gets his foot caught on the stirrup, he can be dragged along as the horse passes.
First, most riders wear riding boots with a single heel and a smooth, rather narrow sole.
In addition, some saddles, especially English saddles, have safety harnesses that allow a harness belt to fall off the saddle as soon as it is pulled backwards by a falling rider.
The Cochamó Valley  Chile's main climbing destination, known as the Yosemite National Park of South America, with a variety of large granite walls and cliffs.
The peaks offer breathtaking views, and climbers from all over the world continue to discover new routes along the walls, offering endless possibilities.
Downhill sports, such as skiing and snowboarding, are popular sports in which a skier or snowboarder mounts a ski or snowboard to his feet and descends a slope over a snow-covered surface.
Skiing is a popular travel activity with many enthusiasts, occasionally known as skippers, planning their entire vacation around skiing at a particular location.
The idea of skiing is very old  cave paintings of skiers date back to 5000 BC!
The origins of downhill skiing as a sport go back at least to the 17th century, and in 1861, the first recreational ski club in Australia was opened by Norwegians.
Backpacking: This activity is also called ski touring or backpacking.
It is similar to alpine skiing, but does not necessarily include them, as the latter are performed on steep terrain and require much firmer skis and boots.
Think of the ski trail as a similar hiking trail.
In good conditions you are able to cover slightly more distances than walking - very rarely will you reach the speed of cross-country skiing on well-groomed trails without a heavy backpack.
Europe is a relatively small continent, but it has many independent countries. Normally, you would have to apply for several visas and pass through several passport controls if you wanted to travel through several countries.
The Schengen area, however, functions a bit like a country in this respect.
As long as you stay in this zone, you can usually cross the borders without having to go through passport control again.
Similarly, with a Schengen visa, you do not have to apply for a visa for each of the Schengen member countries individually, which saves time, money and red tape.
There is no universal definition of what manufactured items are considered antiques, and some tax authorities define goods over 100 years old as antiques.
The definition has geographical variations where the age limit may be lower in areas such as North America than in Europe.
Handmade products could be described as 'antique', although they are younger than similar mass-produced products.
Reindeer farming is an important source of livelihood for the Sámi, and the culture surrounding trade is also important for many who work in other professions.
In the past, not all Sámi people raised reindeer in a large scale, but lived off fishing, hunting and the like.
Today, many Sámi work in modern occupations, and tourism is an important source of income in Sápmi, the Sámi region.
"Although the term 'gypsy' is used mainly by non-Roma, it is often perceived as offensive, as it is associated with negative stereotypes and inaccurate perceptions of Roma".
If a travel document is issued for the country you are going to visit, your travel medical insurance or cancellation insurance may be affected.
You can also consult the advice of governments other than your own, but their advice is tailored to their own citizens.
For example, American citizens in the Middle East may face different situations than Europeans or Arabs.
The Council's deliberations are merely a brief summary of the political situation in a country.
The views expressed are often superficial, general and oversimplified compared to the more detailed information found elsewhere.
A storm is a collective term for any dangerous weather phenomenon with the potential to cause damage, severe social disruption or loss of life.
Storms can occur anywhere in the world and there are different types of them depending on geography, topography and atmospheric conditions.
High winds, hail, excessive rainfall, and forest fires are forms and effects of storms, as are thunderstorms, tornadoes, hurricanes, and hurricanes.
Regional and seasonal weather events include blizzards, snowstorms, ice storms and dust storms.
Travellers are strongly advised to be aware of any type of severe weather that affects their area, as this can affect all travel plans.
Anyone planning to travel to a country considered a war zone should undergo professional training for this purpose.
"A web search for 'Hostile Environments Course' will likely show the address of a local company".
A course usually covers all the problems discussed here in much more detail, usually combined with practical experience.
A course is usually between 2 and 5 days long and includes role-playing, a lot of first aid and sometimes weapons training.
There are many books and journals on survival in the wilderness, but few publications on war zones.
Travellers planning gender reassignment surgery abroad must ensure that they carry valid identification documents for the return journey.
The willingness of governments to issue passports with no gender (X) or documents updated to the desired name and gender varies.
The willingness of foreign governments to recognise these documents also varies widely.
The security searches have also become much more intrusive in the post-9/11 era.
Transgender people who are about to have surgery should not expect their privacy and dignity to be intact when they pass through the scanner.
Rift currents are the returning currents of waves broken off at the beach, often at reefs or similar.
Because of the underwater topology, the backflow is concentrated in a few deeper areas and a fast flow to deep water can form there.
Most deaths are caused by fatigue while trying to swim against the current, which may prove impossible.
Once you get out of the current, swimming back is no more difficult than normal.
Try to get to a place where you won't be caught again, or, depending on your abilities and whether you've been spotted, you might want to wait for rescue.
The return shock comes earlier than the culture shock (the honeymoon phase is not as pronounced), lasts longer and can be more severe.
Travelers who have had an easy time adjusting to a new culture may find it especially difficult to adjust back to their home culture.
When you return home from a foreign country, you have adapted to a different culture and have abandoned some of the ways of your home culture.
When you first traveled abroad, people were likely patient and understanding, knowing that travelers must adjust to a new country.
You may not expect to be patient and understanding with returning travelers.
The sound and light show at the pyramids is one of the most interesting attractions for children in the area.
You can see the pyramids in the dark and when it's quiet before the show starts.
Normally, you hear the sounds of tourists and vendors all the time, and the story of the sounds and the lights is just like a storybook.
The Sphinx is used as a backdrop and narrator of a long story.
The scenes are depicted on the pyramids, with the various pyramids illuminated.
The South Shetland Islands, discovered in 1819, are claimed by several countries and have the most stations.
The archipelago is located 120 km north of the peninsula, the largest being King George Island with the settlement of Villa Las Estrellas.
Other islands include Livingston Island and Deception, where the flooded caldera of a still-active volcano provides a spectacular natural harbor.
Ellsworthland is the region south of the peninsula bounded by Lake Bellingshausen.
The mountains of the peninsula cross over into the plateau here and then rise again to form the 200-mile chain of the Ellsworth Mountains, which is bisected by the Minnesota Glacier.
The northern part, or Sentinel Range, contains the highest mountains in Antarctica, the Vinson Massif, whose highest peak is Mount Vinson at 4,892 m (16,029 ft).
In remote areas where there is no cell phone coverage, a satellite phone may be the only option.
A satellite phone is generally not a replacement for a mobile phone, as you need to be outside and in clear line of sight of a satellite to make a call.
The service is frequently used by ships, including pleasure craft, and expeditions requiring data and voice communications.
Your local telephone service provider should be able to provide further information on connecting to this service.
An increasingly popular option for people planning to take a year off is to study and take courses abroad.
This is especially popular with graduates, as it allows them to take a year off before university without affecting their studies.
In many cases, participating in a cross-border bridging year programme can actually improve your chances of obtaining a higher education in your home country.
The general rule is that a tuition fee is charged for enrollment in these education programmes.
Finland is a great destination for boat trips.The 'land of a thousand lakes' also has thousands of islands in the lakes and in the coastal archipelagos.
You don't need a yacht to go to the archipelago and the lakes.
While the coastal island groups and the largest lakes are indeed big enough for any yacht, smaller boats or even kayaks offer a different experience.
Boating is the national recreation in Finland, with one in six or eight people owning a boat.
This is comparable to Norway, Sweden and New Zealand, but otherwise quite unique (in the Netherlands, for example, the ratio is one in forty).
Most cruises on the Baltic Sea involve a longer stay in St. Petersburg, Russia.
This means that you can visit the historic city for several full days, returning in the evening and spending the night on the ship.
If you only go ashore as part of the Bordeaux excursions, you do not need a separate visa (as of 2009).
Some cruise companies list Berlin, Germany, as their destination in their brochures. As you can see from the map above, Berlin is far from the sea, and a visit to the city is not included in the cruise fare.
Air travel can be a frightening experience for people of all ages and walks of life, especially if they have never flown before or have had a traumatic experience.
There is no need to be ashamed of this: it is nothing but the personal fears and antipathies that so many people have.
Learning more about how airplanes work and the processes involved in flying can help some to overcome the fear of the unknown or the feeling of being out of control.
Courier companies are well paid for the fast delivery of things, and time is often a very important factor when it comes to business documents, merchandise, or spare parts for urgent repairs.
On some routes the larger companies use their own planes, but on other routes and with smaller companies difficulties arose.
When they sent things by air freight, unloading and clearing customs on some routes could take several days.
The only way to get through it faster was to send it as checked baggage, because airline regulations don't allow you to send baggage without a passenger, and that's where you come in.
The obvious way to fly first or business class is to shell out a lot of money for the privilege (or, better yet, to get your own company to cover the cost).
But it's not cheap: as a rule of thumb, you can expect to pay up to four times the normal economy fare for business and eleven for first class!
In general, it is pointless to look for discounts on business or first class seats on direct flights from A to B.
The airlines are well aware that there is a certain core group of pilots who are willing to pay a lot of money for the privilege of getting to their destination quickly and comfortably, and they charge corresponding fares.
The capital of Moldova is Chișinău. The local language is Romanian, but many people also speak Russian.
Moldova is a multiethnic republic that has suffered from ethnic conflict.
In 1994, this conflict led to the creation of the self-proclaimed Republic of Transnistria in eastern Moldova, which has its own government and currency but is not recognised by any UN member state.
Despite the failure of the political negotiations, economic relations between these two parts of the Republic of Moldova have been restored.
The main religion in Moldova is Orthodox Christianity.
Izmir is the third largest city in Turkey with a population of about 3.7 million, the second largest port after Istanbul and a very good transport hub.
The once ancient city of Smyrna is now a modern, advanced, and bustling commercial center, situated on a vast bay and surrounded by mountains.
The wide boulevards, glass buildings and modern shopping centres are characterised by classic red-brick roofs, the 18th-century marketplace and old mosques and churches, although the city has a Mediterranean European feel rather than the traditional Turkish one.
The village of Haldarsvík overlooks the nearby island of Eysturoy and has an unusual octagonal church.
In the cemetery, there are interesting marble sculptures of pigeons above some of the graves.
It is worth a half-hour stroll through the fascinating village.
To the north and in close proximity is the romantic and fascinating city of Sintra, which became known to foreigners after Lord Byron described its splendor in vivid colors.
The Scotturb bus 403 runs regularly via Cabo da Roca to Sintra.
Also in the north, visit the great shrine of Our Lady of the Rosary of Fatima (pilgrimage site)  a place world famous for its Marian apparitions.
Please remember that you are basically visiting a mass grave and a place that has almost immeasurable significance to a significant portion of the world's population.
There are many men and women who survived their time here, and many more with relatives who were murdered or worked to death there, Jews and Gentiles alike.
Please treat this place with the dignity, awe and respect it deserves, and don't make jokes about the Holocaust or the Nazis.
Do not defile the site by graffiti or scratching.
The official languages of Barcelona are Catalan and Spanish. About half of the inhabitants prefer to speak Catalan, the vast majority understand it, and almost everyone can speak Spanish.
However, most signs are only in Catalan, as it is the first official language by law.
However, Spanish is also widely used in public transport and other facilities.
Normal announcements in the metro are made exclusively in Catalan, but unforeseen disturbances are reported by an automated system in a variety of languages, including Spanish, English, French, Arabic and Japanese.
Parisians are said to be self-centered, rude and arrogant.
Although this is often a false cliché, the best way to get by in Paris is to show your best side and behave like a "bien élevé" (well-behaved) person, which will make it much easier to adjust.
The rough Parisian looks will disappear quickly if you have basic manners.
The Plitvice Lakes National Park is heavily forested, there are mainly beeches, spruce and pine trees and it offers a mixture of alpine and Mediterranean vegetation.
It has a remarkable diversity of plant communities, thanks to its numerous microclimates, different soils and varying altitudes.
The area is also home to a very wide variety of animal and bird species.
It is home to rare fauna, such as European brown bears, wolves, eagles, owls, lynx, wild cats, and hawksbill, as well as many more common species.
When visiting the monasteries, women must wear skirts that reach above the knees and also cover their shoulders.
Most monasteries have wraparound skirts for women who come unprepared, but if you bring your own, especially one in bright colors, the monk or nun at the entrance will smile at you.
Similarly, men must wear trousers that reach above the knees.
These can also be borrowed from the stock at the entrance, but the clothes are not washed after each use, so you may not feel comfortable in these skirts.
The Mallorcan cuisine, like that of similar Mediterranean regions, is based on bread, vegetables and meat (especially pork) and always uses olive oil.
A simple and popular dinner, especially in summer, is the Pa amb Oli: bread with olive oil, tomatoes and any ingredient readily available such as cheese, tuna, etc.
"All nouns begin with a capital letter besides the word you for 'you', even in the middle of a sentence".
This is an important way to distinguish between some verbs and objects.
It also makes reading easier, but writing is somewhat difficult because you have to determine whether a verb or an adjective is used as a main verb.
Italian pronunciation is relatively simple, since most words are pronounced exactly as they are written.
The most important letters to watch out for are c and g, as their pronunciation varies with the vowel.
"Also, be sure to pronounce r and rr differently: caro means 'love', whereas carro means 'carriage.'"
The Persian language has a relatively simple and largely regular grammar.
Therefore, reading this introductory grammar would help you to learn a lot about Persian grammar and better understand phrasing.
Of course, if you speak a Romance language, it is easier to learn Portuguese.
However, people who speak some Spanish might be quick to conclude that Portuguese is so similar that you don't need to learn it extra.
Pre-modern observatories are usually no longer in operation today and serve as museums or educational sites.
Since light pollution was not as much of a problem in its heyday as it is today, they are usually located in cities or on university campuses that are easier to reach than those built in recent times.
Most modern research telescopes are huge facilities in remote areas with favorable atmospheric conditions.
Cherry blossom viewing, known as hanami, has been a part of Japanese culture since the eighth century.
The concept originated in China, where plum blossoms were the flower of choice.
In Japan, the first cherry blossom festivals were held by the emperor for himself and other nobles in the imperial court.
"Plants look best in their natural environment, so resist the temptation to remove even a single specimen".
If you go to a formal garden and collect "samples", you will also be thrown out without discussion.
Singapore is generally a very safe place, where you can get along well and buy almost anything once you arrive.
Since you are in the extreme tropics and only a few degrees north of the equator, you must expect both heat (always) and strong sunshine (less often when the sky is clear).
There are also a few buses that travel north to Hebron, the traditional burial site of the Biblical patriarchs Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, and their wives.
Make sure the bus you want to ride goes to Hebron and not just the nearby Jewish settlement of Kiryat Arba.
Inland waterways can be a good basis for holiday planning.
For example, visiting castles in the Loire Valley, the Rhine Valley, or a cruise to interesting towns on the Danube or a boat trip along the Erie Canal.
They are also popular hiking and cycling routes.
Christmas is one of the most important Christian holidays, and it is considered to be the birthday of Jesus.
Many of the traditions of the festival have been adopted by nonbelievers in Christian and non-Christian lands throughout the world.
There's a tradition of spending Easter night awake in some open place to watch the sunrise.
There are, of course, Christian theological explanations for this tradition, but it could well be a pre-Christian spring and fertility ritual.
More traditional churches often hold a vigil on Saturday night during the Easter weekend, with the parish celebrations often beginning at midnight, celebrating the resurrection of Christ.
All the animals that originally arrived on the islands came here either by swimming, flying or swimming.
The great distance from the mainland prevented mammals from making the journey, making the giant tortoise the main grazing animal on the Galapagos.
Since the first humans arrived in the Galapagos Islands, many mammals have been introduced, including goats, horses, rats, cats, and dogs.
If you visit the Arctic or Antarctic regions in winter, you will experience the polar night, which means that the sun does not rise above the horizon.
This provides a good opportunity to see the Northern Lights, since the sky is more or less dark around the clock.
Since the areas are sparsely populated and light pollution is often not a problem, you can also enjoy the starry sky.
Japanese work culture is more hierarchical and formal than what Westerners may be used to.
Suits are part of the normal business attire, and colleagues address each other by their surnames or occupational titles.
Harmony in the workplace is crucial, with the focus on group performance rather than praise for individual achievements.
Often, employees must seek the approval of their superiors for all decisions they make, and they are expected to follow their bosses' instructions unconditionally.
