'We now have four-month-old mice that have been cured of their diabetes,' he added.
Dr. Ehud Ur, professor of medicine at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia, and chairman of the clinical and scientific division of the Canadian Diabetes Association, warned that the research is still in its early stages.
Like some other experts, he is skeptical about the possibility of curing diabetes, noting that these findings are not relevant to people who already have type 1 diabetes.
On Monday, the Swedish Academy's permanent secretary Sara Danius publicly announced during a radio program on Sveriges Radio that the committee could not reach Bob Dylan directly regarding the receipt of the Nobel Prize in Literature 2016, and that it had therefore given up its attempts to reach him.
"Danius said, 'We're not doing anything right now. I've called and e-mailed his closest associate and gotten very kind responses. That's really enough for now.'"
Ring's CEO, Jamie Smirnoff, pointed out earlier that the company started when his doorbell could not be heard from his garage.
He told me he built a Wi-Fi doorbell.
Smirnoff said that sales increased after his appearance on an episode of Shark Tank 2013, where the panel refused to fund the startup.
In late 2017, Siminoff appeared on the shopping TV channel QVC.
Ring also won a lawsuit against a competing security company, ADT Corporation.
While an experimental vaccine appears to reduce Ebola mortality, to date no drugs have clearly been shown to be suitable for treating existing infection.
A cocktail of antibodies, ZMapp, initially looked promising in the field, but formal studies indicated that it had fewer benefits than expected in preventing deaths.
In the PALM study, ZMapp acted as a control, meaning that researchers used it as a reference and compared the three other treatments with it.
The United States Gymnastics Federation supports the United States Olympic Committee's letter and agrees that it is imperative that the Olympic family promote a safe environment for all our athletes.
We agree with the USOC's statement that the interests of our athletes and clubs are better served by moving forward with a meaningful change in our organization than by removing the certification.
The United States Gymnastics Federation supports an independent investigation that may shed light on how an abuse of such proportions as that so courageously described by survivor Larry Nassar could have gone undetected for so long, and it welcomes necessary and appropriate changes.
USA Gymnastics and the USOC share the same goal - to make gymnastics and other sports as safe as possible, so that athletes can pursue their dreams in a safe, positive, and empowering environment.
Throughout the 1960s, Brzezinski worked as an adviser to John F. Kennedy and then to the Lyndon B. Johnson administration.
During the 1976 election, he was a foreign policy adviser to Carter, and later served as National Security Advisor (NSA) from 1977 to 1981, succeeding Henry Kissinger.
As NSA, he assisted Carter in the diplomatic handling of world affairs, such as the Camp David Accords of 1978; the normalization of relations between the United States and China in the late 1970s; the Iranian Revolution, which led to the Iran hostage crisis of 1979; and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979.
The film, starring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone, received nominations in all major categories.
Gosling and Stone were nominated for Best Actor and Best Actress, respectively.
The other nominations include best film, director, cinematography, costume design, film editing, original music, production design, sound editing, sound mixing and original screenplay.
Two songs from the film, Audition (The Fools Who Dream) and City of Stars, were nominated for Best Original Song, with Lionsgate receiving 26 nominations - more than any other studio.
Late Sunday, US President Donald Trump announced through his press secretary that US troops would be withdrawing from Syria.
The announcement came after Trump had a phone call with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
Turkey would also take over the guarding of captured ISIS soldiers, whom, according to the statement, European countries had refused to send home.
Not only does it confirm that at least some dinosaurs had feathers, a theory already widely held, but it also provides details that fossils often cannot, such as color and three-dimensional arrangement.
Scientists say that this animal's plumage was chestnut brown on the upper side, with a pale or carotenoid-colored underside.
The find also provides insight into the development of feathers in birds.
Since dinosaur feathers lack a well-developed shaft, called a spool, but have other features of feathers - rays and beams - the researchers concluded that the spool was likely a later evolutionary development than these other features.
The structure of the feathers indicates that they were not used for flight but rather for temperature regulation or display. The researchers suggested that the specimen shows an adult feather suit and not chicken feathers, although the tail is from a young dinosaur.
The researchers concluded that although this is the tail of a young dinosaur, the sample shows adult plumage and not juvenile plumage.
A car bomb that exploded at the police headquarters in Gaziantep, Turkey, yesterday morning killed two police officers and injured more than 20 others.
According to the governor's office, 19 of the injured were police officers.
Police say a suspected IS member is believed to be responsible for the attack.
They found that the sun operated on the same basic principles as other stars: The activity of all the stars in the system was found to be driven by their luminosity, their rotation, and nothing else.
Brightness and rotation determine the Ross-Byte Ratio, which is related to plasma flows.
The lower the Rossby number, the less active the star is in terms of magnetic reversals.
Iwasaki encountered problems on many occasions during his journey.
He was robbed by pirates, attacked in Tibet by a rabid dog, escaped from a marriage in Nepal, and was arrested in India.
The 802.11n standard operates on both the 2,4 GHz and the 5,0 GHz bands.
This makes it backward compatible with 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g, provided the base station has two radios.
The speeds of 802.11n are significantly faster than its predecessors with a maximum theoretical throughput of 600 Mbit/s.
Miller, to whom the story was told, was not impressed by Duvall, who is married and has two children.
"Asked for comment, Miller said, 'Mike talks a lot during the hearing... I was preparing myself so I didn't really hear what he said.'"
"We are aiming to reduce carbon dioxide emissions relative to GDP substantially by 2020 from the 2005 level", Hu said.
He said the cuts would be based on China's economic strength, and gave no figures for them.
"Hu encouraged developing countries to 'avoid the old way of polluting first and cleaning up later.'"
"He added that ""they should not, however, be expected to take on responsibilities that go beyond their level of development, responsibility and ability""".
The Iraq Study Group presented its report at 12 noon today.
It warns that no one can guarantee that any action in Iraq at this time will stop sectarian warfare, rising violence or a slide toward chaos.
The report opens with a plea for open discussion and consensus in the United States on Middle East policy.
The report is highly critical of almost every aspect of the executive branch's current policy toward Iraq and calls for an immediate change in its direction.
The first of its 78 recommendations is that a new diplomatic initiative should be taken before the end of this year to secure Iraq's borders against hostile interventions and to re-establish diplomatic relations with its neighbours.
Current senator and Argentina's first lady Cristina Fernández de Kirchner announced her presidential candidacy last night in La Plata, a city 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Buenos Aires.
Ms. Kirchner announced her intention to run for president at the Argentine Theater, the same place where she started her campaign for the Senate in 2005 as a member of the provincial delegation from Buenos Aires.
"The debate was sparked by the controversy over the cost of relief and rebuilding after Hurricane Katrina, which some financial conservatives have humorously dubbed "Bush's New Orleans Deal".
Liberal criticism of the reconstruction effort has focused on the awarding of reconstruction contracts to supposed Washington insiders.
Over four million people traveled to Rome to attend his funeral.
The number of mourners was so great that it was not possible for all to enter and attend the burial in Peter's Square.
Large television screens were installed in various locations in Rome to allow the public to watch the ceremony.
In many Italian cities and in the rest of the world, especially in Poland, similar installations were made and were seen by large numbers of people.
Historians have criticized past FBI policies for focusing resources on cases that are easy to solve, especially stolen car cases, with the intent of improving the agency's success statistics.
Congress appropriated funds to combat obscenity in fiscal year 2005, and made it clear that the FBI must have 10 agents working on pornography.
Robin Uthappa made the highest score of the innings, 70 runs in just 41 balls by hitting 11 fours and 2 sixes.
The batsmen, Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, performed well and scored a hundred runs.
However, after losing the captain's gate, India scored only 36 runs and lost 7 wickets to end the series.
U.S. President George W. Bush arrived in Singapore on the morning of November 16, beginning a week-long tour of Asia.
He was received by Singapore Deputy Prime Minister Wong Kan Seng and discussed trade and terrorism issues with Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong.
After a week of losing midterm elections, Bush told an audience about increased trade in Asia.
"Prime Minister Stephen Harper has agreed to send the government's "Clean Air Act" to a parliamentary committee for review before second reading, following Tuesday's 25-minute meeting with NDP leader Jack Layton at the PMO".
"Layton has, in his meeting with the Prime Minister, asked for changes to the Conservative environmental programme, calling for a 'thorough and complete rewrite' of the Conservative Party's environmental programme".
Ever since the federal government stepped in to take over the funding of the Mersey Hospital in Devonport, Tasmania, the state government and some federal MPs have criticised this action as a stunt in the run-up to the federal election that will take place in November.
But Prime Minister John Howard has said that the measure was taken only to ensure that the hospital facilities would not be degraded by the Tasmanian government, by donating an additional 45 million Australian dollars.
According to the latest bulletin, sea level measurements indicated that a tsunami was generated, and there were clear tsunami activity recorded near Pago Pago and Niue.
No major damage has been reported in Tonga, but the power went out temporarily, which reportedly prevented the authorities in Tonga from receiving the tsunami warning issued by PTWC.
Fourteen schools near the coast of Hawaii were closed for the entire day Wednesday despite the lifting of the warning.
U.S. President George W. Bush welcomed the news.
"Bush spokesman Gordon Johndroe called North Korea's pledge ""a major step toward the goal of achieving a confirmed disarmament on the Korean Peninsula"."
The tenth named storm of the Atlantic hurricane season, Subtropical Storm Jerry, formed in the Atlantic today.
The National Hurricane Center (NHC) is reporting that Jerry poses no threat to land at this time.
The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers estimated that six inches of rain could cause the damaged levees to burst.
The ninth ward, which was as much as 20 feet under flooding during Hurricane Katrina, is currently submerged in waist-high water after the nearby levee was flooded.
Water flows over the perimeter fence in a 100-foot-wide area.
Commons administrator Adam Cuerden expressed his frustration with the removal when speaking to Wikinews last month.
"He [Wales] basically lied to us from the beginning, first by acting as if it was for legal reasons, second by pretending to listen to us, until his art was gone".
Irritation within the community led to the current efforts to develop a policy regarding sexual content for the site that hosts millions of openly licensed media.
The work was mostly theoretical, but the program was written to simulate observations of the Sagittarius Galaxy.
The effect the team was looking for would be caused by tidal forces in the galaxy's dark matter and the Milky Way's dark matter.
Just as the moon exerts gravitational force on the earth, causing tides, the Milky Way exerts a force on the Sagittarius galaxy.
The scientists were able to determine that dark matter affects other dark matter in the same way that ordinary matter does.
This theory says that most of the dark matter around a galaxy is contained in a kind of halo, and is made up of lots of tiny particles.
Television reports show white smoke rising from the facility.
Local authorities are urging residents in the area around the power plant to stay indoors, turn off the air conditioning and not drink tap water.
According to the Japan Nuclear Power Agency, radioactive cesium and iodine have been identified at the power plant.
Authorities speculate that this indicates that containers containing uranium fuel at the site may have ruptured and leaked.
Dr. Tony Moll discovered the extremely drug-resistant form of tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in the South African region of KwaZulu-Natal.
"In an interview, he said the new variant was ""very worrying and alarming because of its very high mortality rate"."
Some patients may have been infected with the bacteria at the hospital, Dr. Moll believes, at least two of whom were hospital staff.
During the year, an infected person can transmit the disease to between 10 and 15 close contacts.
However, the proportion of XDR-TB in the entire group of people with TB appears to be still low; 6,000 out of a total of 330,000 people were infected at any given time in South Africa.
The satellites, both weighing over 1,000 pounds and traveling at about 17,000 miles per hour, collided 450 miles above the earth's surface.
Scientists say the explosion caused by the collision was huge.
They are still trying to determine the exact magnitude of the collision and how it will affect the earth.
The United States Strategic Command under the United States Department of Defense is tracking the wreckage.
The analysis of the plot will be published on a public website.
According to authorities in Ohio, a doctor who worked at the Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh in Pennsylvania will be charged with premeditated murder after her mother was found dead in the trunk of her car on Wednesday.
Dr. Malar Balasubramanian, 29, was found in Blue Ash, Ohio, a suburb about 15 miles north of Cincinnati, lying on the ground beside a road in a T-shirt and underwear in what is believed to have been a heavily medicated condition.
She led the police officers to her black Oldsmobile Intrigue, which was 500 yards away.
There they found Saroja Balasubramanian, 53, body covered with blood-stained blankets.
Police said the body appeared to have been there for about a day.
The first cases of the disease in this season were reported at the end of July.
The disease is carried by pigs and then transmitted to humans via mosquitoes.
The outbreak has prompted the Indian government to take measures such as hiring pig trappers in severely affected areas, distributing thousands of mosquito nets, and spraying with pesticides.
Several million vials of meningitis vaccine have also been promised by the government, which will help health organizations prepare for next year.
Plans to deliver vaccines to the historically most affected areas were delayed this year due to lack of funding and low priority compared to other diseases.
In 1956, Slania moved to Sweden where he three years later began working for the Swedish Post and became its chief engraver.
He produced over 1,000 stamps for Sweden and 28 other countries.
"His work is of such recognized quality and detail that he is one of very few 'celebrities' among philatelists, some of whom have specialized in collecting only his works".
"His thousandth stamp, made in 2000, shows the magnificent 'The Famous Achievements of the Swedish Kings' by David Klöcker Ehrenstrahl and is listed in the Guinness Book of Records".
He also engraved banknotes for many countries, the latest examples of his work include the Prime Minister's portrait on the front of the new Canadian $5 and $100 notes.
After the accident, Gibson was taken to a hospital, but died shortly thereafter.
The 64-year-old truck driver was not injured in the accident.
The vehicle itself was removed from the scene of the accident at around 12:00 that same day.
"A person working in a garage near the scene of the accident said, 'There were children waiting to cross the road and everyone was screaming and crying.'"
They all ran back from the scene of the accident.
Other topics on the Bali agenda include saving the world's remaining forests and sharing technology to help developing countries grow
The UN also hopes to launch a fund to help affected countries cope with the effects of global warming.
The money could go to flood-proof houses, better water management, and crop diversification.
Fluke wrote that efforts by some to overwhelm women who would speak out about women's health were not successful.
She drew this conclusion because of the many positive and encouraging comments that both men and women sent her, advocating that contraception be considered a medical necessity.
When the fighting stopped after the wounded were transported to the hospital, about 40 of the remaining prisoners stayed in the yard and refused to return to their cells.
Negotiators have been trying to resolve the situation, but it's unclear what the prisoners' demands are.
Between 10:00 and 11:00 PM, a fire was set in the courtyard by the inmates.
Soon, police equipped with riot gear entered the courtyard and forced the inmates into a corner with tear gas.
The fire was finally extinguished at 11:35 p.m.
After the dam was built in 1963, the seasonal floods that spread sediment along the entire length of the river were prevented.
This sediment was necessary to create sandy reefs and beaches, which served as natural habitats for wildlife.
As a result, two fish species have become extinct and two others are endangered, including the humpback chub (yellow cypha).
Even if the water level rises only a few inches after the flood, officials hope that it will be enough to restore the eroded sandbanks downstream.
No tsunami warning has been issued and according to the Jakarta Geophysical Bureau no warning will be issued as the earthquake did not reach the required magnitude of 6.5.
Despite the absence of a tsunami threat, residents panicked and began to leave their workplaces and homes.
Although Winfrey took a tearful farewell, she made it clear to the fans that she would be back.
"This is not goodbye, this is the end of a chapter and the beginning of a new one".
The final results of the Namibian presidential and parliamentary elections indicate that the incumbent President, Hifikepunye Pohamba, has been re-elected by a wide margin.
The ruling party, the South West Africa People's Organisation (Swapo), also retained a majority in the parliamentary elections.
Coalition and Afghan troops have been deployed to secure the site and more helicopters have been dispatched to assist.
The crash occurred high up in rocky terrain and is believed to have been the result of enemy bullets.
The search for the crash site is being carried out in bad weather and difficult terrain.
The medical charity Mangola, Doctors Without Borders and the World Health Organization say it's the worst outbreak in the country.
"A spokesman for Doctors Without Borders, Richard Veerman, said: "Angola is heading for its worst outbreak ever and the situation is still very difficult in Angola, ""he said. ""
The games began at 10 a.m. in very good weather, and apart from a little drizzle in the morning, it was a perfect day for seven-a-side rugby.
South Africa, the top seed for the tournament, got off to a good start as they won an easy 26-0 victory over fifth-seeded Zambia.
Compared with its neighbors to the south, South Africa looked rusty, but showed steady improvement as the competition progressed.
Their disciplined defense, ball handling skills, and excellent teamwork made them stand out and it was clear that this was the team to beat.
Officials in the city of Amsterdam and the Anne Frank Museum say that the tree is fungal, reasoning that it poses a public health hazard because of an imminent risk of collapse.
It was scheduled to be demolished on Tuesday, but was saved by an emergency court order.
All entrances to the cave, which was named "The Seven Sisters", are at least 100 to 250 meters (328 to 820 feet) in diameter.
Infrared imaging shows that the temperature variations between night and day are likely to indicate that they are caves.
"They are cooler than the surrounding surface during the day and warmer at night".
"Their thermal behavior is not as stable as large caves on Earth that often maintain a relatively constant temperature, but it is consistent with these being deep holes in the ground", says Glen Cushing of the United States Geological Survey (USGS) astrogeology team and Northern Arizona University in Flagstaff, Arizona.
In France, voting has traditionally been a low-tech experience: voters insulate themselves in a booth and put a crumpled sheet of paper with their chosen candidate in an envelope.
After the identity of the voter has been verified by officials, the voter places the envelope in the ballot box and signs the voting document.
French electoral law codifies the procedure quite strictly.
Since 1988 the ballot boxes have had to be transparent so that voters and observers can see that there are no envelopes at the beginning of the voting and that no envelopes are added except those duly counted from the eligible voters.
Candidates can send representatives to witness every part of the process, and in the evening, votes are counted by volunteers who are under extensive monitoring, following specific procedures.
ASUS Eee PC, which has previously been launched globally for its cost-saving and functionality features, became a hot topic during Taipei IT Month 2007.
However, the consumer market for laptops will change radically after ASUS was awarded the Taiwan Sustainability Award in 2007 by the Executive Yuan of the Republic of China.
The station's website describes the show as "old-fashioned radio theater with new and outrageous nerdism!"
In the early days, the show was broadcast only on the long-running Internet radio site TogiNet Radio, a website focused on talk radio.
In late 2015, TogiNet established AstroNet as a subsidiary.
The show originally featured amateur voice actors from East Texas.
The widespread looting reportedly continued overnight, as the police were not present on the streets of Bishkek.
"Bishkek was described, by one observer, as sinking to an "anarchist" level as groups of people struck in the streets and looted shops with consumer goods".
Several residents of Bishkek blamed the lawlessness on protesters from the south.
South Africa has defeated the All Blacks (New Zealand) in a Tri Nations rugby union match at the Royal Bafokeng Stadium in Rustenburg, South Africa.
"The final score was a one-point margin of victory, 21-20, ending the All Blacks' 15-game winning streak".
For the Springboks, it ended a five-game losing streak.
It was the final game for the All Blacks, who had already won the trophy two weeks earlier.
The final match of the series will be played at Ellis Park in Johannesburg, where the Springboks will face Australia.
A moderate earthquake shook western Montana at 10:08 a.m. on Monday.
No immediate damage reports have been received by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) and its National Earthquake Information Center.
The epicenter of the earthquake was about 20 km north-northeast of Dillon and about 65 km south of Butte.
The type of bird flu that is deadly to humans, H5N1, has been confirmed to have infected a dead wild duck, found Monday in a marsh near Lyon in eastern France.
France is the seventh country in the European Union to be affected by this virus, after Austria, Germany, Slovenia, Bulgaria, Greece and Italy.
Suspected cases of H5N1 in Croatia and Denmark remain unconfirmed.
"Chambers had accused God of having "massively murdered, exterminated and terrorized millions upon millions of the inhabitants of the earth".
"Chambers, an agnostic, claims his trial is ""ridiculous"" and that ""anyone can sue anyone"".
"The story presented in the French opera by Camille Saint-Saens is about an artist "whose life is dictated by a love of drugs and Japan".
This leads to the artists smoking cannabis joints on stage and the theatre itself encouraging the audience to participate.
Former Speaker Newt Gingrich, Texas Governor Rick Perry and Congresswoman Michele Bachmann finished fourth, fifth and sixth, respectively.
When the results came in, Gingrich praised Santorum, but was tough on Romney, because because of him, there had been negative campaign ads in Iowa against Gingrich.
"Perry stated that he would ""return to Texas to assess the results of tonight's nominating meeting, determine if there is a way forward for myself in this race"", but later said that he would remain in the campaign and run in the South Carolina primary on January 21".
Backmann, who won the Ames poll in August, chose to end his campaign.
The photographer was taken to Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center, where he later died.
In a statement, Bieber said, "I was not present or directly involved in this tragic accident, but my thoughts and prayers are with the victim's family".
Entertainment news website TMZ has learned that the photographer stopped his vehicle on the other side of Sepulveda Boulevard and attempted to photograph the police action before crossing the road and continuing, leading to the California Highway Patrol officer directing traffic at the action being ordered back across the road, twice.
Police say the driver of the vehicle that hit the photographer is unlikely to be charged.
With only eighteen medals available per day, a number of countries have failed to reach the podium.
They include the Netherlands, with Anna Jochemsen finishing ninth in the women's standing class in yesterday's Super-G, and Finland with Katja Saarinen finishing tenth in the same competition.
Australia's Mitchell Gourley finished 11th in the men's Super-G standing, while Czech competitor Oldrich Jelinek finished 16th in the men's Super-G.
Arly Velasquez from Mexico finished in fifteenth place in the men's sitting Super-G. Adam Hall from New Zealand finished ninth in the men's standing Super-G.
Maciej Krezel of the Polish men's team for the visually impaired and his companion Anna Ogarzynska finished in thirteenth place in the Super-G. South Korea's Jong Seork Park finished in twenty-fourth place in the men's sitting Super-G.
UN peacekeepers, who arrived in Haiti after the 2010 earthquake, are blamed for the spread of the infection that started near the troops' camps.
The suit alleges that the waste from the UN camp was not properly cleaned, causing bacteria to seep into the Artibonite River, one of Haiti's largest tributaries.
Before the soldiers arrived, Haiti had not had a problem with the disease since the 19th century.
The Haitian Institute for Justice and Democracy has cited independent studies suggesting that the UN Nepalese peacekeeping force unknowingly brought the disease to Haiti.
Danielle Lantagne, a UN expert on the disease, said that the outbreak was likely caused by the peacekeeping forces.
Hamilton confirmed that Harvard University Hospital has admitted the patient in stable condition.
The patient had been in Nigeria, where there have been some cases of the Ebola virus.
The hospital has followed infection control protocol, including separating the patient from others to prevent possible infection of others.
Before The Simpsons, Simon had worked on several shows in various professional roles.
During the 1980s, he worked on such television shows as Taxi, Cheers, and The Tracy Ullman Show.
In 1989, he created The Simpsons with Brooks and Groening, and was responsible for recruiting the show's first team of writers.
Although he left the show in 1993, he retained his title as executive producer and continued to receive tens of millions of dollars in royalties each season.
Chinese news agency Xinhua earlier reported that a plane was hijacked.
Later reports claimed that the plane received a bomb threat and was diverted back to Afghanistan to land in Kandahar.
According to early reports, the plane was diverted back to Afghanistan after being denied an emergency landing in Ürümqi.
Air accidents are common in Iran in both civil and military aviation, as the country has an aging fleet with poor maintenance.
International sanctions have prevented the purchase of new aircraft.
Earlier this week, three people were killed in a police helicopter crash and another three were injured.
Last month, Iran suffered its worst air disaster in years when a plane bound for Armenia crashed, killing all 168 people on board.
In the same month, another commercial airliner derailed in Mashhad and collided with a wall, killing 17 people.
Aerosmith has canceled the remaining shows of their tour.
The rock band was scheduled to tour the United States and Canada until September 16.
They've canceled the tour after lead singer Steven Tyler was injured after falling off the stage during the August 5th performance.
Murray lost the first set in a tiebreak after both players held every serve in the set.
Del Potro had the early lead in the second set, but this too went to tie-break after being down 6-6.
Potro received treatment for his shoulder at this time but was able to return to the game.
The programme started at 20.30 local time (15.00 UTC).
Famous singers from all over the country presented bhajans, songs of devotion, at the feet of Shri Shyam.
Singer Sanju Sharma opened the evening, followed by Jai Shankar Choudhary. Lakkha Singh also performed chhappan bhog bhajan. Singer Raju Khandelwal accompanied him.
Then Lahhka Singh led the congregation in singing the bhajans.
Baba Shyam was served 108 plates of Chhappan Bhog (in Hinduism, it means 56 different edible items such as sweets, fruits, nuts, dishes, etc. offered to deities).
Lakkha Singh also presented the bhajan chhappan bhog.
At Thursday's keynote presentation at the Tokyo Game Show, Nintendo Chairman Satoru Iwata unveiled the control design for the company's new Nintendo Revolution game console, which is expected to be released in the second quarter of 2018.
The control, similar to a TV remote control, uses two sensors placed near the user's TV to triangulate its position in three-dimensional space.
This allows players to control actions and movements in video games by moving the device through the air.
Giancarlo Fisichella lost control of his car and finished the race shortly after the start.
His teammate Fernando Alonso was in the lead for most of the race but lost it shortly after his pit stop, most likely due to a poorly secured front wheel.
Michael Schumacher finished his race not far behind Alonso, due to the suspension injuries sustained during the many fights during the race.
"She's very pretty and sings really well too", he said, according to a transcript of the press conference.
I was moved with all my heart every time we rehearsed this.
About three minutes into the launch, a camera on the craft showed several pieces of insulating foam breaking away from the fuel tank.
However, it is not believed that they have caused any damage to the space shuttle.
"NASA's director of the shuttle program, N. Wayne Hale Jr., said the foam had fallen ""after the time period we're focusing on. """
After five minutes, it starts to blow, about a minute later, the wind reaches 70 km/h... then comes the rain, so hard and so big that it hits the skin like needles, then hail fell from the sky, people ran screaming at each other in panic.
"I lost my sister and her friend, and on the road there were two disabled people in wheelchairs, people just jumped over and pushed them", said Armand Versace.
NHK also reported that the Kashiwazaki Kariwa nuclear power plant in Niigata Prefecture was operating normally.
Hokuriku Electric Power Co reported that they were unaffected by the earthquake and that the No. 1 and No. 2 reactors at their Shika nuclear power plant were shut down.
It is reported that around 9,400 homes in the region are without water and an estimated 100 without electricity.
Some roads have been damaged, railway traffic has been suspended in the affected areas, and Noto Airport in Ishikawa Prefecture remains closed.
A bomb exploded outside the Governor General's office.
Three more bombs exploded near several government buildings in a two-hour period.
Some reports put the official death toll at eight, and official reports confirm that up to 30 were injured; but the final figure is not yet known.
Both cyanuric acid and melamine were found in urine samples from domestic animals that died after eating contaminated animal feed.
According to researchers at the university, the two compounds form crystals that can block kidney function when they react with each other.
The researchers observed crystals formed in catturin by the addition of melamine and cyanuric acid.
The composition of these crystals matches that found in the urine of affected domestic animals when compared with infrared spectroscopy (FTIR).
I don't know if you realize this or not, but most of the goods from Central America came into this country without being taxed.
Yet 80% of our goods were taxed through customs in Central American countries.
I didn't think it was reasonable; it was really not fair.
All I'm saying to people is treat us like we treat you.
California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger signed a bill that prohibits the sale and rental of violent video games to minors.
"The bill requires that violent video games sold in the state of California be labeled with a sticker reading ""18"" and makes the sale to a minor punishable by a fine of $1,000 per violation".
The Attorney General, Kier Starmer QC, issued a statement this morning announcing charges against both Huhne and Pryce.
The Commission is also proposing to extend the scope of the directive to include the use of the term 'competent authority' to cover the whole of the EU.
Huhne and Pryce will be arraigned at Westminster Magistrates Court on February 16.
The victims were Nicholas Alden, 25, and Zachary Cuddeback, 21.
Edgar Veguilla suffered injuries to his arm and jaw, while Kristoffer Schneider was left in need of reconstructive surgery to his face.
The gun clicked as he aimed at a fifth man's head, and Schneider is suffering chronic pain, blindness in one eye, missing part of his skull, and a face reconstructed from titanium.
Schneider testified via video link from a USAF base in his home country.
In addition to Wednesday's event, Carpanedo competed in two individual races at the championships.
Her first was the slalom, where she had a Did Not Finish in the first leg. 36 of the 116 competitors had the same result in this race.
In her second race, the giant slalom, she finished tenth in the women's sitting category, with a combined time of 4:41.30, which was 2:11.60 minutes slower than first-place finisher Claudia Loesch of Austria, and 1:09.02 minutes slower than ninth-place finisher Gyöngyi Dani of Hungary.
Four skiers in the women's sitting group were unable to finish their events and 45 of the total 117 participating skiers in the giant slalom failed to place in the competition.
The Madhya Pradesh police recovered the stolen laptop and mobile phone.
"Deputy Chief Inspector General D K Arya said, 'We have arrested five persons who raped the Swiss woman and recovered her mobile phone and laptop.'"
The accused were named as Baba Kanjar, Bhutha Kanjar, Rampro Kanjar, Gaza Kanjar and Vishnu Kanjar.
Police Inspector Chandra Shekhar Solanki announced that the accused entered the court with their faces covered.
Although three people were inside the house when the car collided with it, none of them were injured.
However, the driver suffered severe head injuries.
The road where the accident occurred was temporarily closed while the emergency services cut the driver from the red Audi TT.
He was first admitted to hospital at the James Paget Hospital in Great Yarmouth.
He was then transferred to Addenbrook Hospital in Cambridge.
Adekoya has since been charged in Edinburgh Sheriff's Court with murdering his son.
She's in custody awaiting indictment and trial, but any eyewitness evidence could be rendered worthless because her picture has been widely published.
This is common elsewhere in the UK but Scottish law works differently and courts have considered the publication of photos to be potentially harmful.
"Professor Pamela Ferguson of the University of Dundee observes that ""journalists take a dangerous line when they publish images etc. of suspects""".
The Crown Office, which has overall responsibility for prosecution, has told reporters that no further comment will be made before prosecution.
According to the leaked document, the leak is about the border dispute, where the Palestinians want the borders to be based on those before the 1967 Six-Day War.
Other topics reported are the future of Jerusalem, which is sacred to both nations, and the Jordan Valley issue.
Israel requests ten years of constant military presence in the valley after an agreement has been signed, while the PA only agrees to leave such a presence for five years.
Hunters in the complementary pest control trial would be closely monitored by park rangers as the trial was observed and its effectiveness evaluated.
In a partnership between the NPWS and the Sporting Shooters Association of Australia (NSW) Inc, volunteers were recruited under the Sporting Shooters Association's hunting program.
According to Mick O'Flynn, deputy director of park conservation and culture at the NPWS, the four shooters selected for the first shooting mission received extensive safety and training instruction.
Martelly swore in a new provisional electoral council (CEP) of nine members yesterday.
This is the fifth council Martelly has been on in four years.
Last month, a presidential commission recommended that the former Provisional Electoral Council resign as part of a package of measures to bring the country closer to new elections.
The Commission was Martelly's response to the widespread protests against the regime that began in October.
The protests, some of them violent, were triggered by the failure to hold elections, some of which have been postponed since 2011.
There have been reports of about 60 cases of malfunctioning iPods overheating, causing a total of six fires and causing four people to suffer minor burns.
Japan's Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (Meti) said that it was aware of 27 accidents related to the units.
"METI announced last week that Apple had reported 34 additional incidents of overheating, which the company called ""lightweight""".
"The department responded by calling Apple's postponement of the report ""very regrettable""".
The earthquake struck Mariana at 07:19 local time (21:19 GMT Friday).
The office of the Northern Mariana Rescue Service announced that there were no reports of any casualties in the country.
The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center also reported that there was no indication of a tsunami.
A former Filipino policeman has held tourists from Hong Kong hostage by hijacking their bus in Manila, the capital of the Philippines.
Rolando Mendoza fired his M16 rifle at the tourists.
Several hostages have been rescued and at least six have so far been confirmed dead.
Six hostages, including children and the elderly, were released early, as were the Filipino photographers.
The photographers later switched places with an elderly lady because she needed to use the restroom.
Liggins followed in his father's footsteps and embarked on a career in medicine.
He trained as a obstetrician and began working at Auckland's National Women's Hospital in 1959.
While working at the hospital, Liggins began researching premature births in his spare time.
His research showed that if a hormone was given, it would speed up the fetal lung maturation.
"Xinhua reported that government investigators recovered two 'black boxes' on Wednesday".
Fellow wrestlers also paid tribute to Luna.
"Tommy Dreamer said, 'Luna was the first Queen of Extreme, my first boss, and Luna died on the night of the two moons, quite unique, just like her, a strong woman.'"
"Dustin ""Goldust"" Runnels said in a comment that ""Luna was as big a freak as I am... maybe even bigger... love her and will miss her... hopefully she's better off where she is now"."
Of the 1,400 people polled before the 2010 federal election, the number opposed to Australia becoming a republic had grown by 8 percent since 2008.
Prime Minister Julia Gillard claimed during the 2010 federal election campaign that she believed Australia should become a republic after the reign of Queen Elizabeth II.
34 percent of those surveyed share this view, that Queen Elizabeth II will be Australia's last monarch.
At the extreme of the poll, 29 percent of those polled believe that Australia should become a republic as soon as possible, while 31 percent believe that Australia should never become a republic.
The Olympic gold medalist was due to swim the 100m and 200m freestyle and three relay races at the Commonwealth Games, but due to his ailments there have been doubts about his fitness.
He has not been able to take the medication needed to overcome his pain as it is forbidden in the competition.
Curtis Cooper, a mathematician and professor of computer science at the University of Central Missouri, has discovered the largest known prime number to date, on January 25.
Several people verified the discovery with various hardware and software in early February and it was announced on Tuesday.
Comets may have been a source of Earth's water resources, along with organic material, which could form proteins and sustain life.
Since comets collided with the earth long ago, scientists hope to understand how planets form, especially the earth.
Cuomo, 53, took office earlier this year and signed a bill last month legalizing same-sex marriage.
"He referred to the rumors as 'political chatter and nonsense.'
There is speculation that he will run for president in 2016.
NextGen is a system that the FAA claims would mean the plane flies shorter distances, saves millions of gallons of fuel each year, and reduces carbon emissions.
It uses satellite-based technology as opposed to older ground-based radar technology to allow air traffic controllers to locate aircraft with greater precision and provide pilots with more accurate information.
No additional transport is provided, and overground trains will not stop at Wembley, and car parking and park-and-ride stations are not available at ground level.
The fear of a lack of transportation opened the possibility that the match would have to be played behind closed doors without the team's fans.
A study published Thursday in the journal Science reported the formation of a new species of bird in the Ecuadorian Galápagos Islands.
Researchers from Princeton University in the United States and Uppsala University reported that the new species evolved in just two generations, although this process is believed to have taken much longer due to crossbreeding between the endemic Darwin's finch, Geospiza fortes, and the migratory Española darwin's finch, Geospiza conirostris.
Gold can be worked into all kinds of shapes.
It can be drawn into thin threads that can be twisted and braided, hammered, or rolled into sheets.
"It can be made very thin and attached to other metals, and it can be made so thin that it was sometimes used to decorate the hand-painted pictures in books called 'enlightened manuscripts.'
This is called the pH of a chemical, and you can make an indicator out of red cabbage juice.
The juice from the cabbage changes color depending on the acidity or alkalinity of the chemical.
The pH value is derived from the amount of hydrogen ions (H in pH) in the test chemical.
Hydrogen ions are protons that have lost their electrons (since hydrogen atoms are made up of one proton and one electron).
Stir the two dry powders together, then shape them into a ball with clean, wet hands.
The moisture on your hands will react with the outer layers, which will feel funny and form a kind of shell.
The cities of Harappa and Mohenjo-daro had a flush toilet in almost every house, connected to a sophisticated sewer system.
Remnants of sewer systems have been found in the houses of the Minoan cities of Crete and Santorini, Greece.
Toilets were also used in ancient Egypt, Persia, and China, and in Roman society they were sometimes part of public baths where men and women stayed together.
When you call someone hundreds of miles away, you're using a satellite.
The satellite in space receives the signal and reflects it back down almost instantly.
The satellite was launched into space by rocket, and scientists use telescopes in space because the earth's atmosphere distorts some of our light and field of view.
It takes a giant rocket over 100 feet [30 m] to launch a satellite or a telescope into space.
The wheel has changed the world in incredible ways, and the greatest thing that the wheel has done is to give us much easier and faster ways of transportation.
It has given us the train, the automobile, and many other means of transportation.
Below them are more medium-sized cats that eat medium-sized prey, ranging from rabbits to antelopes to deer.
Finally, there are many small felines (including loose pet taxons) that eat a much larger amount of small prey such as insects, rodents, lizards, and birds.
The secret of their success is the concept of a niche, a special job for each cat that keeps it from competing with others.
Lions are the most social of all cats, living in large groups called herds.
Flocks consist of one to three related adult males along with as many as thirty females and their offspring.
The females are often closely related to each other; a large family of sisters and daughters.
Lejobs act much like wolves or dogs, animals that are surprisingly similar to lions (but not other big cats) in behavior, and also very deadly to their prey.
A versatile athlete, the tiger can climb (but not well), swim, jump long distances, and pull with five times the strength of a strong man.
The tiger is part of the same group (the genus Panthera) as lions, leopards, and jaguars, and these four cats are the only ones that can roar.
The tiger's roar is not like the lion's loud roar, but more like a sentence of murmuring, screaming words.
Ozelotes like to eat small animals, catching monkeys, snakes, rodents, and birds if they can, and almost all the animals the ozelot hunts are much smaller than itself.
Scientists believe that the ozelots follow and find prey by smell, sniffing the ground where they have been.
They can see very well in the dark with their night vision and they also move very stealthily, and the ocelots hunt their prey by blending into their environment and then pouncing on the prey.
When a small group of living things (a small population) separates from the main population from which they originated (for example, if they move across a mountain range or river, or if they move to a new island so that they cannot easily get back), they often end up in a different environment from the one they were in before.
This new environment has different resources and different competitors, so to be a strong competitor, the new population needs different functions or adaptations than they needed before.
The indigenous population has not changed at all, they still need the same adaptations as before.
Over time, as the new population begins to adapt to its new environment, they begin to look less and less like the other population.
Eventually, after thousands or even millions of years, the two populations will look so different that they cannot be called the same species.
We call this process speciation, which simply means the formation of new species.
Plants produce the oxygen that humans breathe and they absorb the carbon dioxide that humans emit (that is, exhale).
Plants produce food using sunlight through photosynthesis.
We build our houses from plants, we make our clothes from plants, much of the food we eat is plant-based, and without plants, animals cannot survive.
Mosasaurus was at the top of the food chain in its day, so it had nothing to fear, except other mosasaurs.
Its long jaws were possessed by more than 70 razor-sharp teeth, along with an extra set in the palate, meaning there was no chance of escape from anything that crossed its path.
We don't know for sure, but it may have had a forked tongue, its diet included turtles, large fish, other mosasaurs, and it may even have been cannibalistic.
It also attacked anything that came down into the water; even a giant dinosaur like T. rex was no match for it.
While most of their food would be familiar to us, the Romans had their fair share of strange or unusual feasting items such as wild boar, peacocks, snails, and a type of rodent called a hasselmus.
Another difference was that while the poor people and the woman ate their food while sitting in chairs, the rich men liked to have banquets together where they could lie half on their sides while eating their meals.
Ancient Roman meals could not have contained foods that came to Europe from the Americas or from Asia in later centuries.
For example, they had no corn, no tomatoes, no cocoa, no potatoes, and none of the ancient Romans had ever tasted turkey.
The Babylonians built a primary temple to each of their gods, which was considered the home of the god.
People brought offerings to the gods, and priests tried to appease the gods with ceremonies and festivals.
Each temple had an open temple courtyard and then an inner sanctuary that was reserved for the priests.
Sometimes special pyramid-shaped towers, called ziqqurat, were built as part of the temples.
The top of the tower was a special sanctuary for the god.
In the warm climate of the Middle East, the house was not so important.
Most of the Hebrew family life took place outdoors.
Women cooked in the courtyard; shops were just open dishes facing the street.
The land of Canaan had no large forests, so wood was very expensive.
Norse legends say that Erik the Red was banished from Iceland as punishment for murder, and that when he traveled west he found Greenland and named it Greenland.
Whatever his discovery, Eskimo tribes were already living there at the time.
"Although each country was 'Scandinavian,' there were many differences between the peoples, kings, customs, and history of Denmark, Sweden, Norway, and Iceland".
If you've seen the movie National Treasure, you might think there's a treasure map on the back of the Declaration of Independence.
However, that is not true. Even if there is something on the back of the document, it is not a treasure map.
"On the back of the Declaration of Independence were the words, 'Original Declaration of Independence dated 4th July 1776.' The text appears on the bottom of the document, upside down".
No one knows for sure who wrote it, but we do know that the large parchment (measuring 25 by 20 inches [75 cm x 62.2 cm]) was rolled up for storage early in its existence.
So it's likely that the text was just written there as a label.
The D-Day landings and subsequent battles had liberated northern France, but the south was still not free.
"It was run by the Vichy French, these were French people who had made a deal with the Germans in 1940 and worked with the invaders instead of fighting them".
"On August 15, 1940, the Allies invaded southern France, the invasion was called "Operation Dragoon".
In just two weeks, American and Free French forces had liberated southern France and turned on Germany.
A civilization is a single culture shared by a significantly large group of people living and working together, a community.
The word civilization comes from the Latin civilis, meaning citizen, and civitas, meaning city or city-state, and also in some ways defines the size of society.
City states are the precursors of nations, and civilized culture means the transmission of knowledge between generations, a lasting cultural footprint and equitable distribution.
Minor cultures often disappear without leaving any relevant historical traces, and are not recognized as true civilizations.
During the American Revolutionary War, the thirteen states first formed a weak central government - with Congress as the sole component - under the Articles of Confederation.
Congress lacked all power to impose taxes, and, with no national executive or judicial body, it fell to the often uncooperative state governments to carry out all its decisions.
Nor did it have the authority to repeal tax laws and customs duties between states.
The articles required the unanimous approval of all the Länder before they could be added, and the Länder attached so little importance to the central government that their representatives were often absent.
Italy's national football team, along with the German national football team, is the second most successful team in the world and were the champions of the FIFA World Cup in 2006.
Popular sports include football, basketball, volleyball, water polo, fencing, rugby, cycling, ice hockey, roller skating and Formula 1.
Winter sports are most popular in the northern regions, where Italians compete in international competitions and Olympic events.
Japan has nearly 7,000 islands (the largest of which is Honshu), making it the 7th largest island in the world!
With its many islands, Japan is often considered an archipelago in a geographical sense.
Taiwan's history dates back to the 15th century, when European sailors passing by recorded the island's name as Ilha Formosa, meaning "beautiful island".
In 1624, the Dutch East India Company establishes a base in southwestern Taiwan and initiates a conversion of the native production of grain, employing Chinese laborers to work on the rice and sugar plantations.
In 1683 the Qing Dynasty (1644-1912) forces took control of Taiwan's western and northern coastal areas, and in 1885 Taiwan was declared a province of the Qing Empire.
After the defeat in 1895 in the First Sino-Japanese War (1894-1895), the Qing government signed the Shimonoseki Treaty, which gave sovereignty over Taiwan to Japan, which then ruled the island until 1945.
Machu Picchu consists of three main structures, the Intihuatana, the Temple of the Sun, and the Temple of the Three Windows.
Most of the buildings on the outskirts of the complex have been rebuilt to give tourists a better idea of what they looked like in the original.
By 1976, 30 percent of Machu Picchu had been restored, and restoration is still ongoing.
For example, the most common format for still images in the world is 35 mm, which was the dominant film size at the end of the analogue film era.
It is still manufactured today, but more importantly, its aspect ratio is inherited from the formats of photo sensors in digital cameras.
The 35mm format is, somewhat confusingly, 36mm wide and 24mm high.
The aspect ratio in this format (divided by twelve to produce the simplest whole-digit ratio) is therefore said to be 3:2.
Many common formats (for example, APS formats) correspond to this aspect ratio or are close to it.
The much abused and often derided rule of thirds is a simple guideline that creates dynamics while maintaining a certain order in an image.
It is claimed that the best position for the subject is where the lines dividing the image into thirds vertically and horizontally meet (see the example).
During this period of European history, the Catholic Church, which had become rich and powerful, was being scrutinized.
For over a thousand years, the Christian religion had bound European states together despite their differences in language and customs.
Its omnipresent power affected everyone from king to commoner.
One of the main tenets of Christianity is that wealth should be used to alleviate suffering and poverty and that the church's funds are for that very purpose.
The central power of the church had been in Rome for over a thousand years, and this concentration of power and money caused many to question whether this principle was being fulfilled.
Shortly after the conflict broke out, Britain instituted a naval blockade against Germany.
The strategy proved effective in cutting off necessary military and civilian supplies, even though this blockade violated generally accepted international law codified in numerous international agreements over the past two centuries.
Britain mined international waters to prevent all ships from crossing entire areas of the sea, making it dangerous even for neutral ships.
Since this tactic met with limited response, Germany expected a similar response to its unlimited underwater warfare.
During the 1920's, the prevailing attitude was pacifism and isolationism among most of the inhabitants and countries.
After witnessing the horrors and atrocities of war during World War I, nations wanted to avoid a repeat of such a situation in the future.
Tesla moved to the United States in 1884 to begin working for the Edison Company in New York.
He arrived in the United States with four cents in his pocket, a book of poetry, and a letter of recommendation from Charles Batchelor (his boss at his former job) to Thomas Edison.
Ancient China had a unique way of distinguishing different time periods; each stage of Chinese history, or each family that sat in power, was a distinct dynasty.
Between each dynasty there was also an unstable period of division of provinces, the most famous of which was the Three Kingdoms, which occurred between the 60 years between the Han and Jin dynasties.
During these periods, violent warfare often took place between many nobles vying for the throne.
The Three Kingdoms was one of the bloodiest times in ancient Chinese history, when thousands of people died fighting for the highest seat in the great palace of Xi'an.
There were many social and political effects such as the use of the metric system, a transition from absolutism to republicanism, nationalism and the belief that the country belongs to the people and not to a single ruler.
Furthermore, the professions were opened up to all male applicants, allowing the most ambitious and successful to rob success.
The same was true of the military, as ranks in the army were now based on caliber rather than class.
The French Revolution also inspired many other oppressed working-class people in other countries to make revolution.
"Muhammad was deeply interested in subjects beyond his everyday life. He often used to visit a cave that became known as the ""Hira"" on the ""Noor"" (light) mountain to meditate".
The cave itself, which has survived the passage of time, gives a very clear picture of Muhammad's spiritual inclinations.
The cave, located on a mountain peak north of Mecca, is completely isolated from the rest of the world.
It's actually not easy to find even if you know it's there, because inside the cave, it's totally isolated.
You can't see anything but the clear, beautiful sky and the many surrounding mountains, and very little of this world can be seen or heard from inside the cave.
The Great Pyramid of Giza is the only one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World still standing today.
Built by the Egyptians in the third century B.C.E., the Pyramid of Cheops is one of many large pyramidal structures built to honor dead pharaohs.
"The Giza Plateau, or ""Giza Necropolis"" in Egypt's Valley of the Dead, contains several pyramids (the Great Pyramid being the largest), several smaller tomb monuments, several temples, and the Great Sphinx".
The Great Pyramid of Khufu was built to honor the Pharaoh Khufu, and many of the smaller pyramids, tombs, and temples were built to honor Khufu's wives and family members.
'The marking for 'upward-stretching' shall look like a V and the marking for 'downward-stretching' like a clasp or a square with no bottom.'
Up means you should start at the tip and push the stalks up, and down means you should start at the frog (where your hand is holding the stalks) and pull the stalks down.
An upstroke usually generates a softer sound, while a downstroke is stronger and more resolute.
You may draw your own markings, but keep in mind that the printed line markings are there for a musical reason, so they should usually be respected.
On October 6, 1789, the terrified King Louis XVI, Queen Marie Antoinette, their two small children (Marie Therese, 11, and Louis-Charles, 4) and the king's sister, Madame Élisabeth, were forced back to Paris from Versailles by a mob of market women.
They traveled back to Paris in a carriage surrounded by a crowd that shouted and shouted threats against the king and queen.
The crowd forced the king and queen to keep their carriage windows open wide.
On one occasion, a mob member waved the head of an imperial guard killed at Versailles in front of the terrified queen.
The war costs of the conquest of the Philippines by American imperialism were paid by the Filipino people themselves.
They were forced to pay taxes to the American colonial regime to cover most of the cost and interest of bonds in the name of the Philippine government through Wall Street banks.
Of course, the great profits derived from the prolonged exploitation of the Filipino people would constitute the basic profits of American imperialism.
To understand the temple masters, one must understand the context that led to the creation of the order.
The time period in which the events took place is often called the High Middle Ages, the period of European history from the 11th to the 14th centuries.
The High Middle Ages were preceded by the Early Middle Ages and followed by the Late Middle Ages, which formally ended around 1500.
Technological determinism is a term that encompasses many different ideas in practice, from the idea that technology drives development or the technological imperative to the strict view that human destiny is driven by a fundamental logic that is related to the laws of nature and how they are manifested in technology.
"Most interpretations of technological determinism share two general ideas: that technological development itself follows a path that is largely beyond cultural or political influence, and that technology in turn has ""effects"" on societies that are primitive, rather than socially conditioned".
For example, it could be said that the motor car inevitably leads to the building of roads.
However, a nationwide road network is not economically viable for just a small number of cars, so new production methods are being developed to reduce the cost of owning a car.
Mass car ownership is also leading to a higher rate of road accidents, which is leading to the invention of new medical technologies to repair injured bodies.
Romanticism contained a large element of determinism originating with writers such as Goethe, Fichte and Schlegel.
In the context of Romanticism, geography shaped individuals and, over time, customs and culture related to this geography emerged, and these, which harmonized with the place of society, were better than arbitrarily imposed laws.
Just as Paris is known as the fashion capital of the modern world, Constantinople was considered the feudal fashion capital of Europe.
Its reputation as an epicenter of luxury began to circulate about A.D. 400 and continued until about A.D. 1100.
Its influence declined in the 14th century primarily because of the fact that the Crusaders had returned with gifts such as silk and spices valued higher than those offered by the Byzantine markets.
It was at this time that the title of the Fashion Capital was transferred from Constantinople to Paris.
The Gothic style reached its peak between the 11th, 12th, and 14th centuries.
At first, clothing was strongly influenced by the Byzantine culture of the East.
However, because of the slow pace of communication, the styles of the West were lagging behind by 25 to 30 years.
In the late Middle Ages, Western Europe began to develop its own style, and one of the major developments of the time, as a result of the Crusades, was the use of buttons to fasten clothes.
Self-sufficient farming is farming that is carried out for the production of sufficient food to meet the needs of the farmer and his family only.
Self-sustained farming is a simple, often organic, system that uses saved seeds originating in the ecoregion combined with rotation farming or other relatively simple techniques to maximize yields.
Historically, most farmers were self-sufficient, and this is still the case in many developing countries.
Subcultures bring together like-minded individuals who feel overlooked by society and allow them to find their identity.
Subcultures may be distinct because of the age, ethnicity, class, location and/or gender of their members.
The characteristics that define a subculture as distinctive may be of a linguistic, aesthetic, religious, political, sexual or geographical nature, or it may be a combination of factors.
Members of a subculture often signal their belonging through distinctive and symbolic style choices, which include fashion, mannerisms, and jargon.
One of the most common methods used to illustrate the importance of socialization is to look at the few unfortunate cases of children who, through neglect, accident, or intentional abuse, were not socialized by adults during their upbringing.
"Such children are called 'wild' children. Some wild children have been confined by humans (usually their own parents); in some cases, the abandonment of the child was due to the parents' rejection of a child's severe intellectual or physical disabilities".
Wild children may have experienced severe abuse or trauma before they were abandoned or fled.
Others are said to have been raised by animals; some are said to have lived in the wild all on their own.
When the feral child is raised entirely by non-human animals, it exhibits behaviors (within physical limits) almost completely identical to that of the specific pet, such as its fear of or indifference to humans.
While project-based learning should make learning easier and more interesting, supporting learning goes one step further.
Scaffolding is not a learning method but a support for individuals learning something new, for example, to use a new computer program or to start a new project.
Support can be both virtual and real, in other words, a teacher is a form of support, but it's also the little guy in Microsoft Office.
Virtual support is internalised in the software and is intended to question, guide and explain methods that may have been too challenging for the learner to cope with on their own.
Children are placed in foster care for a variety of reasons, ranging from neglect to abuse to blackmail.
No child should ever have to grow up in an environment that is not nurturing, caring or educational, but it happens.
We believe the foster care system is a safe zone for these children.
Our family home system is supposed to provide safe homes, loving caregivers, stable education, and reliable health care.
Foster homes are meant to provide all the necessities that were lacking in the home they came from.
The Internet combines elements of both mass communication and interpersonal communication.
The distinctive characteristics of the Internet lead to additional dimensions in user theory.
"For example, 'learning' and 'socialization' are suggested as important drivers of Internet use (James et al., 1995).
"Eighmey and McCord (1998) also identified 'personal engagement' and 'continuous relationships' as new motivational aspects when they examined audience reactions to websites".
The use of video recording has led to important discoveries in the interpretation of microexpressions, facial expressions lasting a few milliseconds.
In particular, it is claimed that a person's lying can be determined by correctly interpreting microexpressions.
"Oliver Sacks, in his book, "The President's Speech", showed how people who cannot understand speech because of brain damage can still judge sincerity correctly".
He even claims that we share such knowledge in interpreting human behavior with animals such as domesticated dogs.
Research in the 20th century has shown that there are two areas of genetic variation: hidden and expressed.
Mutation adds new genetic variation, and selection removes it from the pool of expressed variation.
Segregation and recombination shift variations back and forth between the two poles for each new generation.
Out on the savannah, it is difficult for a primate with a digestive system like that of man to satisfy its need for amino acids from the plants available.
Moreover, lack of it has serious consequences; stunted growth, malnutrition and, eventually, death.
The most readily available plant resources would have been proteins found in leaves and legumes, but these are difficult for primates like us to digest unless they're cooked.
By comparison, animal foods (ant, termite, egg) are not only easily digestible but also offer high-quality proteins containing all the essential amino acids.
"After all, we should not be surprised if our own ancestors solved their 'protein problem' in much the same way that chimpanzees on the savannah do today".
Sleep disruption is the process of intentionally waking up during your normal sleep period and falling back asleep shortly thereafter (10-60 minutes).
This can be done simply by using a relatively quiet alarm clock that brings you closer to consciousness without waking you up completely.
If you usually turn off your watch while you sleep, you could set it at the other end of the room, so that you have to get out of bed and turn it off.
Other biorhythm-based alternatives involve drinking lots of fluids (especially water or tea, a known dehydrator) before bedtime, which makes one have to get up and urinate.
The amount of inner peace a person has is inversely correlated to the amount of tension in their body and mind.
The lower the tension, the more positive the life force is present, and each person has the potential to find absolute peace and contentment.
The only thing standing in the way of this goal is our own stress and negativity.
Tibetan Buddhism is based on the teachings of the Buddha, but has been expanded with the path of love in the Mahayana and many techniques in Indian yoga.
In principle, Tibetan Buddhism is very simple, it consists of Kundalini yoga, meditation and the path of all-embracing love.
Kundalini yoga is a practice of awakening the kundalini energy (enlightenment energy) through yoga postures, breathing exercises, mantras and visualizations.
Godsyogan is central to Tibetan meditation, where the visualization of various gods cleanses energy channels, activates chakras, and creates enlightened consciousness.
Germany was a common enemy during World War II, which led to cooperation between the Soviet Union and the United States. When the war ended, differences in systems, processes and culture led to the collapse of cooperation between the countries.
Two years after the end of the war, the former allies were now enemies and the Cold War began.
It would last for the next 40 years and would be fought physically by contract armies, on battlefields from Africa to Asia, in Afghanistan, in Cuba and many other places.
By 17 September 1939, the Polish defences were already broken and the only hope was to withdraw and reorganize along the Romanian bridgehead.
However, these plans became obsolete almost overnight when over 800,000 soldiers from the Soviet Union's Red Army entered and created the Belarusian and Ukrainian fronts, having invaded the eastern regions of Poland and at the same time violating the Riga Peace Treaty, the Soviet-Polish Non-Aggression Pact and other international agreements, both bilateral and multilateral.
By far the most efficient way to move large quantities of people and goods across the seas is to use ships to transport goods.
The fleets' job has traditionally been to ensure that your country maintains the ability to move your people and goods, while disrupting the enemy's ability to move people and goods.
One of the most notable examples of this was the North Atlantic campaign of World War II, in which the Americans tried to move troops and supplies across the Atlantic to aid the British.
At the same time, the German Navy, mainly using submarines, tried to stop this traffic.
If the Allies had failed, Germany would probably have been able to conquer Britain in the same way as the rest of Europe.
Goats appear to have been first domesticated about 10,000 years ago in the Zagros Mountains of Iran.
Ancient cultures and tribes used them to produce milk, fur, meat and skin.
Tamgets were usually kept in packs that roamed hills or other grazing areas, often herded by shepherds who were often children or youths, similar to the more famous sheep herder.
Wagon tracks were built in England as early as the 16th century.
Although wagon roads were only parallel wooden planks, the horses that pulled them allowed them to reach higher speeds and to carry greater loads than on the rougher roads of the day.
Slippers were introduced early to hold the tracks in place, but it was gradually realized that the tracks would be more effective if they had a layer of iron on top.
This became the practice, but the iron wore more on the wooden wheels of the chariots.
The first all-iron rails were introduced in 1767.
The first known mode of transportation was walking, humans started walking upright two million years ago when Homo Erectus (meaning upright man) saw the light of day.
Their predecessor, Australopithecus, was not accustomed to walking upright.
Bipedal specializations have been found in Australopithecus fossils from 4.2-3.9 million years ago, although Sahelanthropus may have walked on two legs as early as seven million years ago.
We can start living in a more environmentally friendly way, we can get involved in the environmental movement, and we can even become activists to reduce future suffering to some extent.
This is in many cases symptomatic treatment, but if we want to do more than just a temporary fix, we need to find the root of the problem and deactivate it.
It is plain to see that the world has changed greatly because of mankind's scientific and technological advances, and the problems have been aggravated by overpopulation and man's extravagant life-styles.
After it was adopted by Congress on July 4, a handwritten draft, signed by Congressman John Hancock and Secretary Charles Thomson, was sent to John Dunlap's printing plant a few blocks away.
"During the night, between 150 and 200 copies were made, now known as the 'Dunlap broadsides.'"
The first public reading of the document was made by John Nixon in the courtyard of Independence Hall on July 8.
One was sent to George Washington on July 6, who read it to his troops in New York on July 9, and a copy reached London on August 10.
The 25 pages of Dunlap's pamphlet that are known to exist are the oldest extant copies of the document.
Many paleontologists believe that one group of dinosaurs survived and is still alive today, and we call them birds.
Many people don't think of them as dinosaurs, because they have feathers and they can fly.
But there are many things about birds that still look like dinosaurs.
They have feet with skin and claws, they lay eggs and they walk on their hind legs like a T-Rex.
Almost all computers in use today are based on the manipulation of information encoded in the form of binary numbers.
A binary number can have only one of two values, i.e. 0 or 1, and these numbers are called binary numbers - or bits to use computer jargon.
Internal intoxication is not always immediately apparent, and symptoms such as vomiting are too general to allow an immediate diagnosis.
The best sign of poisoning may be an open can of medicine or toxic household chemicals.
See the label for specific first aid instructions for the specific toxin.
The term "rams" is used in a formal sense by entomologists for this group of insects.
This term is derived from ancient relations with the wall-fly, insects sharply adapted to parasitize humans.
Both beetles and wall lice are residents, adapted to live in the nest or home of their host.
In the United States, there are approximately 400,000 known cases of multiple sclerosis (MS), making it the most common neurological disease in young and middle-aged adults.
MS is a disease that affects the central nervous system, which consists of the brain, spinal cord, and optic nerve.
Research has found that women are twice as likely to have MS as men.
A couple may decide that raising a child is not in their best interests, or is not in the best interests of their children.
These couples may choose to establish an adoption plan for their child.
In an adoption, the biological parents relinquish their rights so that another couple can raise the child.
The primary goal of science is to find out how the world works by means of the scientific method, which in fact guides almost all research.
Experimentation, where an experiment is a test used to eliminate one or more of the possible hypotheses, to ask questions and to make observations, also guides scientific research.
Naturalists and philosophers focused on classical texts and, in particular, on the Bible written in Latin.
Aristotle's views on all scientific matters, including psychology, were accepted.
As knowledge of Greek declined, the Western world found itself cut off from its Greek roots in philosophy and science.
Many observed rhythms in physiology and behavior are often largely due to the presence of endogenous cycles and their production by biological clocks.
Periodic rhythms, which are not just responses to external periodic signals, have been documented in most living things, including bacteria, fungi, plants, and animals.
A biological clock is a self-acting oscillator that repeats its cycle over a period of time even in the absence of external influence.
The Hershey-Chase experiment was one of the first to suggest that DNA was genetic material.
Hershey and Chase used phages, or viruses, to implant their own DNA into a bacterium.
They did two experiments that marked either the DNA of the substance with a radioactive phosphorus or the protein of the substance with radioactive sulfur.
Mutations can have a variety of effects depending on the type of mutation, the significance of the genetic material affected and whether the affected cells are germ cells.
Only mutations in reproductive cells can be passed on to children, while mutations elsewhere can cause cell death or cancer.
Nature-based tourism attracts people interested in visiting natural areas with the aim of experiencing the landscape, including its flora and fauna.
Examples of on-site activities include hunting, fishing, photography, bird watching, as well as visiting parks and studying information about the ecosystem.
For example, visit, photograph, and learn more about orangutans in Borneo.
Every morning, people leave small country towns in cars to go to their jobs, passing others whose work destination is the place they just left.
In this dynamic shuttle traffic, everyone is somehow connected to, and supports, a transportation system based on private cars.
Science now shows that this massive collectivity has upset the biosphere from one of its stable states that has supported human development for the past two million years.
Everyone participates in society and uses transportation systems, and basically everyone complains about transportation systems.
In developed countries, similar complaints about water quality or collapsing bridges are rare.
Why do transport systems generate so many complaints, why do they fail on a daily basis? Are transportation engineers simply incompetent? Or is something more fundamental going on?
Traffic flow is the study of how individual drivers and vehicles move between two points and how they interact with each other.
Unfortunately, it is difficult to study traffic flows because the behaviour of the road cannot be predicted with 100% certainty.
As a rule, drivers tend to behave reasonably consistently; thus, traffic tends to flow somewhat consistently and can be broadly represented mathematically.
To better represent the traffic flow, relationships have been established between three main variables: (1) flow, (2) density and (3) speed.
These conditions are helpful in the planning, design and operation of roadside establishments.
Insects were the first animals to fly, and their ability to fly helped them avoid enemies more easily and find food and mates more efficiently.
Most insects have the advantage of folding their wings along their body.
This gives them more small spaces to hide from predators.
Today, the only insects that cannot fold their wings are the night herons and the day herons.
Thousands of years ago, a man named Aristarchus said that the solar system revolved around the sun.
Some people thought he was right, but many thought the opposite; that the solar system revolved around the earth, including the sun (and also the other stars).
This seems reasonable, since the earth does not feel moving, does it?
The Amazon River is the world's second-longest and most water-rich river, with a flow of more than eight times that of the second-largest river.
The Amazon is also the widest river on earth, measuring some five miles [9 km] in some places.
As much as 20 percent of the water that flows into the oceans from the world's rivers comes from the Amazon.
The Amazon River's main course is 6,387 kilometers, and it's fed by thousands of smaller rivers.
Although pyramid building in stone continued until the end of the Old Kingdom, the pyramids of Giza were never surpassed in size and construction technique.
The ancient Egyptians of the New Kingdom marveled at the monuments of their predecessors, which by then were well over a thousand years old.
With a population of about 800, the Vatican City State is the smallest independent country in the world and the least populous.
The Vatican City State uses Italian in its legislation and in official communication.
Italian is also the everyday language used by most of those working in the state, while Latin is often used in religious ceremonies.
All citizens of the Vatican City State are Roman Catholics.
People have known basic chemicals such as gold, silver, and copper since ancient times, as they are found in nature in their original form and are relatively easy to extract with primitive tools.
The philosopher Aristotle theorized that everything was composed of one or more of four elements: earth, water, air, and fire.
This was more like the four phases of matter (in the same order): solid, liquid, gas and plasma, although he had theories that they change into new substances to create what we see.
Alloys are a mixture of two or more metals, and remember, there are many different elements in the periodic table.
The elements calcium and potassium are considered metals, but there are also metals, such as silver and gold.
There are also alloys containing small amounts of nonmetallic substances such as carbon.
Everything in the universe is made of matter, all matter is made of tiny particles called atoms.
Atoms are so incredibly small that trillions of them could fit in the period at the end of this sentence.
Thus, the pencil was a faithful companion for many people when it came out.
Unfortunately, with the development of newer writing methods, the pencil has been reduced in status and use.
Today, people type messages on computer screens, never having to go near a sharpener.
One can only wonder what will become of the keyboard when something new comes along.
The fission bomb is based on the principle that energy is needed to produce a nucleus with many protons and neutrons.
It's like rolling a heavy cart up a hill, and splitting the core again releases some of that energy.
Some atoms have unstable nuclei, and it doesn't take much for them to decay.
The surface of the moon is made up of rock and dust, and the outer layer of the moon is called the crust.
The crust is about 45 miles [70 km] thick on the front and 60 miles [100 km] on the rear.
It's thinner under the moonlight, and thicker under the highlands.
There may be more maria on the near side because the crust is thinner there, which made it easier for the lava to rise to the surface.
Content theories are all about finding out what makes people tick or what appeals to them.
Theories hold that humans have certain needs and/or desires that are internalized as they grow into adulthood.
These theories look at what makes certain people want what they want and what in their environment is causing them to do or not do certain things.
Two popular content theories are Maslow's hierarchy of needs and Herzberg's two-factor theory.
"In general, two behaviors can emerge when managers begin to lead their former peers: At one end of the spectrum, the manager tries to remain 'one of the gang.'"
This type of manager has difficulty making unpopular decisions, implementing disciplinary measures, evaluating performance, assigning responsibilities and holding people accountable.
At the other end of the spectrum, you turn into an unrecognizable person who feels that he or she has to change everything that the team has done and make it their own.
After all, the leader is ultimately responsible for the success or failure of the team.
This behaviour often results in divisions between the leaders and the rest of the team.
Virtual teams hold the same high standards as conventional teams, but there are subtle differences.
Virtual team members tend to act as a point of contact for the physical group.
They often have more say than conventional team members as different time zones can affect when their teams can meet and this may not be understood by the management locally.
"The presence of a real 'invisible team' (Larson and LaFasto 1989, p.109) is also a unique component of a virtual team".
"The 'invisible team' is the management group to which all members report. The invisible team sets the standards for each member".
Why would an organisation want to go through the time-consuming process of setting up a learning organisation?
When all available resources are used effectively in the functional departments of an organisation, creativity and inventiveness can flourish.
Therefore, the process of an organisation working together to overcome an obstacle can lead to a new innovative process that meets the customer's needs.
Before an organisation can become innovative, leadership must create a culture of innovation as well as shared knowledge and organisational learning.
Angel (2006) describes the continuum approach as a methodology used to support organisations in achieving a higher level of performance.
Neurobiological information provides physical evidence for a theoretical approach to the study of cognition, and therefore narrows the field of research and makes it much more precise.
The correlation between brain disease and behavior supports scientists in their research.
It has long been known that various brain injuries, trauma, diseases, and tumors affect behavior and cause changes in certain mental functions.
The advent of new technologies allows us to see and examine brain structures and processes that we've never seen before.
This gives us a lot of information and material to build simulation models that help us understand the processes of our minds.
Although strongly associated with science fiction, AI is a very important branch of computer science that involves machine behavior, learning, and intelligence.
AI research is about getting machines to automate tasks that require intelligent behavior.
Examples of this are control, planning and scheduling, the ability to respond to customer diagnoses and questions, and also handwriting, voice and facial recognition.
These things have become separate disciplines, focused on offering solutions to real problems.
The AI system is now widely used in finance, medicine, engineering and the military, and has been incorporated into several home computers and video game software applications.
Field studies are a big part of the teaching in every classroom, and often the teacher wants to take the students to places where there are no buses.
Technology offers solutions with virtual study visits, where students can look at museum objects, visit an aquarium, or admire beautiful art while sitting with their class.
Sharing a study trip virtually is also a good way to reflect on a trip and share experiences with future classes.
For example, students at Bennet School in North Carolina design a website each year about their trip to the state capital; the website is redesigned each year, but previous versions may remain online as a clipping book.
Blogging can also help improve students' writing skills, as students often begin their blogging experience with sloppy grammar and spelling, and the presence of readers generally improves this.
Since students are often the most critical readers, the blogger tries to write better to avoid criticism.
Blogging also 'forces students to become more aware of the world around them' and the requirement to cater to readers' interest stimulates students to be witty and interesting (Toto, 2004).
Blogging is a tool that inspires collaboration and encourages students to extend their learning beyond the traditional school day.
"The appropriate use of blogs ""can enable students to become more analytical and critical; by actively responding to Internet material, students can define their positions in relation to what others have written, as well as present their own perspectives on specific issues (Oravec, 2002)."
Ottawa is Canada's charming bilingual capital, offering a series of galleries and museums that showcase Canada's past and present.
Further south are Niagara Falls, and in the north, the beautiful, unspoiled landscape of Muscocca.
All of this and more distinguishes Ontario as what outsiders consider to be the quintessential of Canada.
Large areas farther north are very sparsely populated, and some are almost uninhabited wilderness.
A demographic comparison that surprises many: There are more African-Americans living in the United States than there are Canadian citizens.
The East African islands are located in the Indian Ocean off the east coast of Africa.
Madagascar is by far the largest, and a continent of its own in terms of fauna.
Most of the smaller islands are independent nations, or are part of France, and are known as luxury resorts.
The Arabs also introduced Islam to the area, which had a great impact in the Comoros and Mayotte.
European influence and colonialism began in the 15th century after the Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama rounded the Cape of Good Hope and thus found the sea route from Europe to India.
The region is bordered to the north by the Sahel and to the south and west by the Atlantic Ocean.
Women: It is recommended that all female travellers state that they are married, regardless of their actual marital status.
It is good to wear a ring too (not just one that looks too expensive).
Women should understand that cultural differences can result in what they would consider harassment, and it is not uncommon for someone to follow you, grab your arm, etc.
Be firm when you say no to men, and don't be afraid to stand up for yourself (cultural differences don't make it okay!).
The modern city of Casablanca was founded by Berber fishermen in the 11th century B.C.E. and was used by the Phoenicians, Romans, and Meronites as a strategic port called Anfa.
The Portuguese destroyed it and rebuilt it under the name Casa Branca, only to abandon it after an earthquake in 1755.
The Moroccan sultan rebuilt the city of Daru l-Badya, which was named Casablanca by Spanish traders who established trading bases there.
Casablanca is one of the least interesting places to shop in all of Morocco.
Around the old Medina, it is easy to find places selling traditional Moroccan products, such as tagine, ceramics, leather goods, water pipes and a whole range of cream crumbs, but all for the tourists.
Goma is a tourist town in the easternmost part of the Democratic Republic of Congo, near the border with Rwanda.
In 2002, Goma was destroyed by lava from the Nyiragongo volcano, which buried most of the city's streets, especially in the central parts.
Goma is relatively safe, but if you're going to visit outside of Goma, you should check out the fighting in North Kivu province.
The city is also the base for climbing Mount Nyiragongo, along with some of the cheapest tracks of mountain gorillas in Africa.
You can use the boda-boda (motorcycle taxi) to get around Goma, the normal (local) price for the short trip being about 500 Congolese francs.
"Combined with its relative inaccessibility, "Timbuktu" has come to be used as a metaphor for exotic, remote places".
Today, Timbuktu is a poor city, but its reputation makes it a tourist destination, and it has an airport.
In 1990 it was added to the list of World Heritage Sites in Danger because of the threat of desert sand.
It was one of the major stops on Henry Louis Gates' PBS program Wonders of the African World.
The city stands in stark contrast to the other cities of the country, with an atmosphere that is more Arab than African.
Kruger National Park (KNP) is located in northeastern South Africa and stretches along the border with Mozambique in the east, Zimbabwe in the north, while the southern border is the Crocodile River.
The park covers an area of 19,500 km2 and is divided into 14 different ecozones, each of which harbours a variety of wildlife.
It is one of the largest attractions in South Africa and is considered the flagship of the South African National Parks (SANParks).
Like all other South African national parks, the park charges daily conservation and entrance fees.
It may also be advantageous to purchase a Wild Card, which gives access to either a selection of parks in South Africa or to all South African national parks.
Hong Kong Island gives the territory of Hong Kong its name and is the place that many tourists consider the main focus.
The row of buildings that form the skyline of Hong Kong have been likened to a glittering bar chart enhanced by the waters of Victoria Harbour.
To see the best views of Hong Kong, leave the island and head to the Kowloon waterfront across the street.
The vast majority of the settlements on Hong Kong Island are clustered on the former seabed along the northern coast.
This is the site that the British colonizers took over, so if you're looking for evidence of the area's colonial past, this is a good place to start.
The Sundarbans is the largest coastal mangrove belt in the world, extending 50 miles [80 km] into Bangladesh and the Indian interior from the coast.
The Sundarbans have been designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site, and the part of the forest that is on Indian territory is called the Sundarbans National Park.
The forests, however, are not just mangrove swamps - they contain some of the last remaining stands of the great jungles that once covered the Ganges plain.
Sundarban covers an area of 3,850 km2, of which about one third is wetlands.
Since 1966 the Sundarbans have been a wildlife sanctuary, and it is estimated that there are now 400 Bengal tigers and some 30,000 reindeer in the area.
Buses depart from the district's common bus station (across the river) throughout the day, but most, especially those heading east and Jakar/Bumthang, leave between 6.30 and 7.30.
Since buses between districts are often full, it is a good idea to buy a ticket a few days in advance.
Most districts are served by small, comfortable, and stable Japanese Coaster buses.
Shared taxis are a quick and convenient way to get to nearby places, such as Paro (150 Now) and Punakha (200 Now).
The Oyapock River Bridge is a cable-stayed bridge that spans the Oyapock River and connects the cities of Oiapoque, Brazil, and Saint-Georges de l'Oyapock, French Guiana.
The two towers rise to 273 feet [83 m], it is 1,900 feet [378 m] long, and it has two aisles that are 12 feet [3.5 m] wide.
The vertical free-standing height under the bridge is 15 metres (49 ft). Construction was completed in August 2011, it was not opened to traffic until March 2017.
The bridge is scheduled to be operational in September 2017, when the Brazilian customs stations are expected to be ready.
The Guaraní were the most significant indigenous group inhabiting present-day eastern Paraguay, living as semi-nomadic hunters who also practiced subsistence agriculture.
The Chacoregion was populated by other groups of indigenous tribes such as the Guaycurú and Payaguá, who lived as hunters, gatherers and fishermen.
"In the 16th century, Paraguay, formerly known as the 'Giant Province of India', was born as a result of the encounter between the Spanish conquerors and groups of indigenous people".
The Spanish began a period of colonization that lasted three centuries.
Since its founding in 1537, Asunción has managed to retain much of its indigenous character and identity.
Argentina is well-known for having some of the best polo teams and players in the world.
The biggest tournament of the year takes place in December at the polo grounds in Las Cañitas.
Minor tournaments and matches can also be seen here at other times of the year.
For tournament news and where to buy tickets to polo matches, contact the Asociación Argentina de polo.
The official currency of the Falklands is the Falklands Pound (FKP) which is equal in value to the British Pound (GBP).
Money can be exchanged at the only bank on the islands, located in Stanley across from the FIC West store.
GBP is generally accepted throughout the islands, and credit cards and USD are often accepted within Stanley.
Credit cards are unlikely to be accepted on the remote islands, but British and American currency may be accepted; contact the owners in advance to determine what is an acceptable method of payment.
It is almost impossible to exchange Falklands currency outside the islands, so change your money before leaving.
Because Montevideo is south of the equator, it is summer there when it is winter in the northern hemisphere and vice versa.
Montevideo is located in the subtropical zone; during the summer months, temperatures above +30°C are common
Winter can be deceptively cold: temperatures rarely drop below freezing, but the wind and humidity combine to make it feel colder than the thermometer says.
"There are no special 'rainy' and 'dry' seasons: the amount of rainfall remains about the same throughout the year".
Although many of the animals in the park are accustomed to seeing humans, the wild animals are still wild and should not be fed or disturbed.
According to the park authorities, you should stay at least 100 yards away from bears and wolves and 25 yards away from any other wildlife!
However docile they may appear, bison, moose, deer, bears, and almost any large animal can go on the attack.
Every year, dozens of visitors are injured because they didn't keep adequate distance, and these animals are big, wild, and potentially dangerous, so give them their space.
Also, bear in mind that smells attract bears and other wild animals, so avoid bringing or preparing smelly food, and keep the camp clean.
The capital of Samoa is Apia, on the island of Upolu, with a population of just under 40,000.
Apia was founded in the 1850's and has been the official capital of Samoa since 1959.
The harbor was the scene of a notorious stalemate in 1889 when seven ships from Germany, the United States, and Britain refused to leave the harbor.
All ships were sunk except for a British cruiser, and nearly 200 Americans and Germans lost their lives.
During the independence struggle organized by the Mau movement, a peaceful gathering in the city led to the assassination of the supreme chief Tupua Tamasese Lealofi III.
There are many beaches because of Auckland's location between two harbours.
The North Shore beaches (in the North Harbour district) are located on the Pacific Ocean and stretch from Long Bay in the north to Devonport in the south.
Almost all of them are sandy beaches where it is safe to bathe, and on most of them the Maori myth offers shade.
Tamaki Drive's beaches are located at Waitemata Harbour, in the upscale suburbs of Mission Bay and St Heliers in central Auckland.
These are sometimes well-visited family beaches with a good range of shops located on the beach.
"The main local beer is 'Number one', which is not a complex beer, but pleasant and refreshing.
There are many French wines, but perhaps the New Zealand and Australian wines will make the trip better.
The local drinking water is safe to drink, but bottled water is easy to find if you're worried.
"To Australians, the idea of 'flat white' coffee is unknown. A 'short black' is an 'espresso', cappuccino has a pile of cream (not foam) and tea is served without milk".
The hot chocolate milk meets Belgian standards, the fruit juices are expensive but excellent.
Many trips to the reef are made throughout the year, and damage to the reef from any of these causes is rare.
Still, take the advice of the authorities, obey all signs, and pay close attention to safety warnings.
Kubmanets occur near beaches and near river mouths from October to April north of 1770.
There are sharks, but they rarely attack humans, and most sharks are afraid of humans and would swim away.
The saltwater crocodile's main habitat is in the estuaries north of Rockhampton, so it does not usually live in the sea.
Booking in advance gives the traveler security and an assurance that they will have somewhere to sleep when they arrive at their destination.
Travel agencies often have agreements with specific hotels, but it may be possible to book other types of accommodation, such as camping sites, through a travel agency.
Travel agencies often offer packages that include breakfast, airport transfers, and even flight-hotel combinations.
They can also reserve your reservation for you if you need time to think about the offer or to obtain additional documents required for your destination (e.g. visa).
However, all changes and requests should go through the travel agent first, and not directly to the hotel.
For some festivals, the vast majority of music festival visitors decide to camp on site, and most visitors see it as an important part of the experience.
If you want to be close to where things are happening, you'll have to get there early to get a campsite near the music.
Remember that even though the music performances on the main stage have stopped, parts of the festival may continue to play music late into the night.
Some festivals have special campsites for families with young children.
If you are crossing the northern Baltic Sea in winter, check the cabin's location, because walking through the ice causes really awful noises for those who are most affected.
Cruises to Saint Petersburg include time in the city.
Casinos usually do everything they can to make guests spend as much time and money as possible, often having no windows or clocks, and exits often being difficult to find.
They usually have special offers of food, drink, and entertainment to keep the guests happy and to keep them in the premises.
Some establishments offer free alcoholic beverages, but intoxication impairs judgment, and all good players know the importance of staying sober.
Anyone driving in high latitudes or over mountain passes should be aware of the possibility of snow, ice and sub-freezing temperatures.
On icy and snowy roads, friction is low and you cannot drive in the same way as on bare asphalt.
During a snowstorm, enough snow can fall in a very short time to cause you to get stuck.
Visibility may also be limited by snowfall or snowdrift or by condensation or ice on the vehicle windows.
On the other hand, icy and snowy conditions are normal in many countries, and traffic continues virtually uninterrupted year round.
Safari is perhaps the largest tourism industry in Africa and the highlight of many visitors.
The term safari in popular usage refers to cross-country travel to see the amazing African wildlife, especially on the savannah.
Some animals, such as elephants and giraffes, tend to get close to cars and can be seen well with standard equipment.
Lions, cheetahs, and leopards are sometimes shy and are best seen with binoculars.
'Walking safaris (also called 'bush walks' and 'hiking safaris') consist of hiking either for a few hours or for several days.'
The Paralympics will take place from August 24 to September 5, 2021, with some events being held at other venues around Japan.
Tokyo will be the only Asian city to host two Summer Olympics, having hosted the games in 1964.
If you booked your 2020 flights and accommodations before the launch was announced, you may be in a difficult situation.
The cancellation policies due to the coronavirus vary, but by the end of March most do not extend as far as July 2020, when the Olympic Games would have started.
It is expected that most tickets for events will cost between 2,500 and 130,000 yen, with a typical ticket price of around 7,000 yen.
Ironing moist clothing can help them dry. Many hotels have an iron and ironing board that can be borrowed, even if they are not in the room.
If an iron is not available, or if you do not want to wear socks that are worn out, try using a hair dryer, if one is available.
Be careful not to overheat the fabric (which may cause shrinkage or, in extreme cases, swelling).
There are different sets of water purifiers, and some are more effective against specific hazards.
In some areas, boiling the water for a minute is sufficient; in others, several minutes are needed.
Filters can vary in effectiveness, and if you are unsure, consider buying your water in a sealed bottle from an established company.
Travellers may encounter pests unfamiliar to them from their home regions.
Pests can spoil food, cause irritation or, in the worst cases, allergic reactions, spread poisons, or transmit infections.
Infectious diseases, or dangerous animals that can violently injure or kill humans, are not usually classified as pests.
Tax-free shopping is the ability to buy goods without taxes or other surcharges in certain places.
Travelers to countries with high taxes can sometimes save a considerable amount, especially on products such as alcoholic beverages and tobacco.
The stretch between Point Marion and Fairmont has the most challenging driving conditions on the Buffalo-Pittsburgh National Scenic Byway, which often passes through isolated prairie terrain.
If you are not used to driving on country roads, drive sensibly: steep inclines, narrow lanes and sharp curves are common.
The posted speed limits are noticeably lower than in previous and subsequent sections - usually 35-40 mph (56-64 km/h) - and adherence to them is even more important than otherwise.
Strangely enough, the cell phone coverage here is much better than along many other routes, such as the Pennsylvania Wilds.
German pastries are really good, and in Bavaria they are quite powerful and varied, similar to those from its neighbor to the south, Austria.
Fruit pastries are common, with apples baked in pastries year-round and cherries and plums in the summer.
Many German pastries also include almonds, hazelnuts, and other nuts, and popular cakes often go especially well with a cup of strong coffee.
If you want small but powerful pastries, try the Berliner, the Pfannkuchen, or the Krapfen, as they are called in different regions.
Curry is a dish based on herbs and spices, along with either meat or vegetables.
"A curry can be either 'dry' or 'wet' depending on the amount of liquid".
In northern India and inland regions of Pakistan, yogurt is often used in curry dishes; in southern India and some other coastal regions of the subcontinent, coconut milk is often used.
With 17,000 islands to choose from, Indonesian cuisine is a catchall term that encompasses a wide variety of regional dishes scattered throughout the country.
However, when used without the adjective, the term tends to refer to food originally from the central and eastern parts of the main island of Java.
The Javanese cuisine, now available throughout the island, offers a variety of simple spicy dishes, with the flavorings most commonly used by the Javanese being peanuts, chili, sugar (especially Javanese coconut sugar) and various aromatic spices.
The saddle is supported by footrests that hang down on either side of the saddle.
They provide greater stability for the rider but can pose a safety hazard as the rider's feet can get stuck in them.
If a rider is thrown off a horse but is caught with one foot in the stirrup, he can be dragged if the horse runs away.
First, most riders wear boots with heels and a smooth, rather narrow sole.
Then, some saddles, especially English ones, have safety bars that allow a saddle to detach from the saddle if it is pulled back by a rider who falls off.
The Cochamó Valley, Chile's premier climbing destination, is known as the Yosemite of South America, and it has a number of large granite cliffs and walls.
The peaks offer breathtaking views, and climbers from all over the world are constantly creating new routes through the countless mountain walls.
Outdoor skating, which includes skiing and snowboarding, is a popular sport in which people glide down a snowy landscape with skis or a snowboard strapped to their feet.
Skiing is an activity that attracts many enthusiasts, sometimes called "ski lovers", who plan their entire vacation trip around skiing in a particular area.
The idea of skiing is very old  cave paintings depicting skiers date back as far as 5000 BC!
Skiing as a sport has been around since at least the 17th century, and in 1861 the first Nordic ski club was opened in Australia.
Backpacking on skis: this activity is also called backcountry skiing, cross-country skiing or ski walking.
It is related to but usually does not involve alpine skiing or rock climbing, the latter being performed in steep terrain and requiring much stiffer skis and boots.
Think of the ski trail as a similar hiking trail.
Under good conditions you will be able to cover somewhat more distance than walking  but you will rarely reach speeds like cross-country skiing without a heavy backpack in prepared tracks.
Europe is a relatively small continent with many independent countries, and under normal circumstances travelling through several countries would involve visa applications and passport controls on several occasions.
However, the Schengen area functions more or less as one country in this respect.
As long as you stay in this zone, you can generally cross borders without having to go through passport controls more than once.
Similarly, if you have a Schengen visa, you do not have to apply for a visa in each Schengen country separately, saving time, money and paperwork.
There is no universal definition of what manufactured items are antiques; some tax agencies define goods older than 100 years as antiques.
The definition has geographical variations, where age limits may be shorter in, for example, North America than in Europe.
Craft products can be defined as antiques, although they are not as old as similar mass-produced goods.
Reindeer husbandry is an important source of income for the Sami people, and the culture surrounding the trade is also important for many people with other professions.
Historically, however, not all Sami have been involved in large-scale reindeer herding, but lived by fishing, hunting and the like, and used the reindeer mostly as draft animals.
Today, many Sami people work in modern industries, and tourism is an important source of income in Sápmi, the Sami region.
"Although frequently used, especially among non-Roma, the term 'Gypsy' is often considered offensive because of its associations with negative stereotypes and misconceptions about Roma people".
If the country you are visiting is subject to a travel restriction, your travel medical insurance or cancellation protection may be affected.
You may also wish to consult other governments than your own, but their advice is designed for their own citizens.
For example, American citizens in the Middle East may have different circumstances than Europeans or Arabs.
A travel advice is just a brief summary of the political situation in a country.
The picture presented is often rapid, general and oversimplified compared to the more detailed information available elsewhere.
Extreme weather is the general term for all hazardous weather events with the potential to cause damage, serious social disruption or loss of life.
Severe weather events can occur anywhere in the world, and there are different variations of them, which can depend on geography, topography, and atmospheric conditions.
Strong winds, hail, heavy rainfall and wildfires are types and effects of extreme weather, as are thunderstorms, tornadoes, hailstorms and cyclones.
Regional and seasonal severe weather events include heavy snowstorms, blizzards, ice storms and sandstorms.
Travellers are strongly advised to be aware of the risk of severe weather affecting their area, as it may affect itineraries.
Anyone planning to visit a country that could be considered a war zone should receive professional training.
"A search on the Internet for 'hostile environmental education' will probably give the address of a local business".
A course usually covers all the issues mentioned here, although in much more detail, usually with practical exercises.
A course normally lasts between 2-5 days and includes role-playing, first aid and sometimes weapons training.
There are plenty of books on how to survive in the wilderness, while books on war zones are rare.
Travellers planning gender reassignment surgery abroad must ensure that they have valid documents for the return journey.
The willingness of governments to issue passports without a gender (X) or documents updated to match a desired name or gender varies.
The willingness of foreign governments to accept these documents varies just as much.
Security screenings have also become much more intrusive in the post-9/11 era.
Transgender people who have not undergone surgery should not expect to pass through the X-ray screening with integrity and dignity.
Rip currents are the returning flow of waves that break off at the shore, often at a reef or similar.
The topology of the water below concentrates the backflow to a few deeper parts, and strong currents leading to deep water can form there.
Most deaths occur as a result of exhaustion after attempting to swim back upstream, which may be impossible.
Once you get out of the current, it's no harder than normal to swim back in.
Try to aim somewhere where you won't get stuck again or, depending on your skills and whether you've been spotted, wait to be rescued.
The return shock comes earlier than the culture shock (there is not as much of a honeymoon phase), lasts longer and can be more severe.
Travelers who have had an easy time adjusting to new cultures sometimes have difficulty adjusting back to their original culture.
When you return from living abroad, you have adapted to a new culture and lost some of the habits of your home culture.
When you first traveled abroad, people were probably patient and understanding, knowing that travelers in a new country must adapt.
People may not expect that patience and understanding are also necessary for travelers returning home.
The sound and light show of the pyramids is one of the most interesting things for children in the area.
You can see the pyramids in the dark and you can see them in silence before the show starts.
Usually, you always hear the sounds of tourists and vendors, and the story of sound and light is just like a fairy tale.
The background is the Sphinx, which tells a long story.
The scenes are shown on the pyramids, and the different pyramids are illuminated.
The South Shetland Islands, discovered in 1819, are claimed by several countries and have the most bases, with sixteen active in 2020.
The archipelago is located 120 km north of the peninsula, the largest island being King George Island with the community of Villa Las Estrellas.
Others include Livingston Island and Deception, where the flooded crater of an active volcano forms a spectacular natural harbor.
Ellsworth Land is the region south of the peninsula, bordering the Bellingshausen Sea.
Peninsula mountains here merge with the plateau and then recede to form the 200-mile [360 km] Ellsworth Range, which is bisected by the Minnesota Glacier.
The northern part or Sentinel Range has Antarctica's highest mountain, the Vinson Massif, with a highest peak of 4,892 m (16,029 ft) in Mount Vinson.
In remote areas where there is no cell phone coverage, a satellite phone may be your only option.
A satellite phone is not generally a replacement for a mobile phone, since you must be outside with a clear line of sight to the satellite to make a call.
The service is often used by vessels, including pleasure boats, as well as expeditions requiring remote data and voice.
Your local telecommunications operator should be able to give you more information on how to connect to this service.
Travel and learning is an increasingly popular option for those planning a gap year.
This is particularly popular with recent graduates, allowing them to take a year off before university without jeopardising their education.
In many cases, enrolling in a sabbatical course abroad can actually increase your chances of gaining entry to higher education in your home country.
Usually, a fee is charged for enrollment in these educational programs.
Finland is a very boating-friendly country, and the land of a thousand lakes also has thousands of islands in its lakes and archipelagos.
In the archipelago and the lakes, you don't necessarily need a yacht.
While the archipelago and the largest lakes are indeed big enough for any recreational hunt, smaller boats or even a kayak can offer a different experience.
Boating is a national pastime in Finland, with one boat for every seven or eight people.
This is matched by Norway, Sweden and New Zealand, but is otherwise quite unique (e.g. in the Netherlands the figure is one in forty).
Most of the specific Baltic cruises include a longer stop in Saint Petersburg, Russia.
This means that you can visit the historic city for a few full days while returning to sleep on the ship at night.
If you only go ashore on boat excursions, you do not need a separate visa (as of 2009).
Some cruises include the German capital, Berlin, in their brochures. As you can see from the map above, Berlin is not near the sea, and a visit to the city is not included in the price of the cruise.
Air travel can be a frightening experience for people of all ages and backgrounds, especially if they have never flown before or have experienced a traumatic event.
It's nothing to be ashamed of: it's no different from the personal fears and aversions of other things that so many people have.
Understanding how airplanes work and what happens during flight can help some people to overcome a fear of the unknown or of being out of control.
Courier companies are well paid for delivering things quickly, and time is often very important when it comes to business documents, merchandise, or spare parts for an urgent repair.
On some routes the larger companies have their own planes, but for other routes and smaller companies there was a problem.
If they have sent things by air freight, it may have taken several days on some routes to go through unloading and customs.
The only way to get it there faster was to send it as checked baggage, because airline regulations don't allow you to send baggage without a passenger, and that's where you come in.
The obvious way to fly first class or business class is to shell out a lot of money for the privilege (or better yet, let your company do it for you).
However, this does not come at a cheap price: as a rough rule of thumb, you can expect to pay up to four times the normal economy price for business and eleven times for first class!
In general, there is no point even in looking for discounts on business or first-class seats on direct flights from A to B.
Airlines are well aware that there is a certain core group of travelers who are willing to pay well for the privilege of traveling somewhere quickly and comfortably, and they charge accordingly.
The capital of Moldova is Chişinău, and the local language is Romanian, but Russian is commonly spoken.
Moldova is a multiethnic republic which has been affected by ethnic conflicts.
In 1994, this conflict led to the creation of the self-proclaimed Republic of Transnistria in eastern Moldova, which has its own government and currency but is not recognised by any UN member state.
Economic relations have been re-established between these two parts of Moldova, despite the failures of the political negotiations.
The main religion in Moldova is Orthodox Christianity.
İzmir is the third largest city in Turkey with a population of about 3.7 million, the second largest port after Istanbul, and a very good transportation hub.
Historically known as Smyrna, today it is a modern, developed city and a bustling commercial center situated on a huge harbor surrounded by mountains.
The wide boulevards, glass-faced buildings and modern shopping centres are interspersed with traditional red tiled roofs, the 17th-century market and old mosques and churches, although the city has an atmosphere more like Mediterranean Europe than traditional Turkey.
The village of Haldarsvík offers a view of the nearby island of Eysturoy, and has an unusual octagonal church.
In the cemetery, interesting marble statues of doves are over some of the graves.
It's worth wandering around the captivating village for half an hour.
Within reach to the north is the romantic and fascinating city of Sintra, made famous by a glowing account of its grandeur by Lord Byron.
Scotturb bus 403 runs regularly to Sintra, with a stop at Cabo da Roca.
In the north, also visit the magnificent Sanctuary of Our Lady of Fatima, a site world-famous for apparitions of Mary.
Remember that you are, in effect, visiting a mass grave site and a place of almost unfathomable significance to a significant portion of the world's population.
There are still many men and women alive today who survived their time here, and many more who had loved ones murdered or worked to death here; Jews as well as Gentiles.
Use the site with the great dignity, solemnity and respect it deserves, and don't make fun of the Holocaust or the Nazis.
Do not vandalise the site by painting or scratching graffiti on structures.
The official languages of Barcelona are Catalan and Spanish. About half prefer to speak Catalan, the overwhelming majority understand it, and almost everyone can speak Spanish.
However, most signs are only in Catalan, which is the primary official language by law.
However, Spanish is also used in many public transport and other facilities.
Regular messages in the metro are only made in Catalan, but unplanned disturbances are notified by an automated system in a variety of languages including Spanish, English, French, Arabic and Japanese.
Parisians have a reputation for being self-centered, rude and arrogant.
"Although this is often just a false stereotype, the best way to get by in Paris is still to behave in the best way and behave like someone who is 'bien élevé' (well-behaved).
The Parisians' brash appearance will quickly fade if you show yourself from your polite side.
The Plitvice Lakes National Park is thickly forested, mainly with beech, spruce and fir, and has a mixture of alpine and Mediterranean vegetation.
It has a strikingly large arthriticity, due to the extent of its microclimate, different soil moons and varying elevation differences.
The area is also home to an extreme diversity of animal and bird species.
Rare species of animals such as the European brown bear, wolf, eagle, owl, lynx, wildcat, and badger are found there, along with many more common species
When visiting the monasteries, women must wear skirts that cover the knees, and also have their shoulders covered.
Most monasteries give scarves to women who have not prepared in advance, but if you bring one of your own, especially one with bright colors, you will receive a smile from the monk or nun at the entrance.
By the same logic, men must wear trousers that cover their knees.
These can also be borrowed from the store in the lobby but those garments are not washed after each person so you may not feel comfortable wearing these skirts.
Majorcan cuisine, like that of similar areas around the Mediterranean, is based on bread, vegetables, and meat (especially pork) and uses olive oil throughout.
A simple, popular dinner, especially in summer, is Pa amb Oli: bread with olive oil, tomato, and optional accessories available such as cheese, tuna, etc.
All nouns, including Sie for the pronoun you, are capitalized, even in the middle of a sentence.
This is an important method of distinguishing between certain verbs and objects.
Some say it also makes it easier to read, although the need to figure out whether a verb or adjective is in the noun form makes writing somewhat more complicated.
Pronunciation is relatively easy in Italian because most words are pronounced exactly as they are written.
The letters to watch out for are c and g, as their pronunciation varies based on the following vowel.
Also, be sure to pronounce r and rr differently: caro means dear ones, while carro means carriage.
Persian has a relatively easy and mostly regular grammar.
Therefore, you can benefit from reading this basic grammar book to learn much about Persian grammar and to understand sentences better.
Of course, it will be easier for you to learn Portuguese if you already know a Romance language.
But people who know a little Spanish can quickly conclude that Portuguese is similar enough that it does not need to be studied separately.
Modern observatories are usually obsolete today and survive as museums or educational sites.
Since light pollution in its heyday was not the kind of problem it is today, it is usually found in cities or on university campuses, more easily accessible than those built in modern times.
Most modern research telescopes are huge installations in remote locations with favorable atmospheric conditions.
Hanami, or cherry blossom viewing, has been a part of Japanese culture since the eighth century.
The concept came from China, where they used plum blossoms.
In Japan, the first cherry blossom festivals were held by the emperor only for himself and other members of the aristocracy around the imperial court.
Plants look best in their natural environment, so try to resist the temptation to remove just one specimen.
"If you visit a landscaped garden, and you pick a 'specimen' it will also get you kicked out, without discussion".
Singapore is generally an extremely safe place to stay and very easy to navigate, and you can buy almost anything once you arrive.
"But with its location in the ""high tropics"" just a few degrees north of the equator, you have to deal with both heat (always) and strong sun (when the sky is clear, less often)".
There are also a small number of buses that go north to Hebron, the traditional burial site of the Biblical patriarchs Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, and their wives.
Make sure that the bus you're thinking of taking goes to Hebron, and not just to the nearby Jewish settlement of Kiryat Arba.
Inland waterways can be a good starting point for a holiday.
For example, visit castles in the Loire Valley, the Rhine Valley, or take a boat trip to interesting towns on the Danube or a tour along the Erie Canal.
They also define routes for popular hiking and cycling trails.
Christmas is one of the most important holidays in Christendom, celebrated as the birthday of Jesus.
Many of the traditions surrounding the holiday have also been adopted by non-believers in Christian countries and non-Christians around the world.
There is a tradition of spending Easter night awake in some open place to watch the sunrise.
Of course, there are Christian theological explanations for this tradition, but it may well be a pre-Christian spring and fertility rite.
More traditional churches often hold an Easter Vigil on Saturday night during the Easter holiday, and at midnight the congregation breaks off to celebrate Christ's resurrection.
All the animals that originally arrived on the islands came here by either swimming, flying or floating.
Because of the great distance from the mainland, mammals could not cross, and so the giant tortoise became the primary grazing animal on the Galapagos.
Since man arrived in the Galápagos, many mammals have been introduced, including goats, horses, cows, rats, cats, and dogs.
If you visit the Arctic or Antarctic wintertime, you will experience polar nights, when the sun does not rise above the horizon.
This is a good time to see the northern lights, since the sky is dark more or less 24 hours a day.
Since the areas are sparsely populated, and light pollution is often not a problem, you will also be able to enjoy the starry heavens.
The Japanese work culture is more hierarchical and formal than what Westerners may be accustomed to.
Costumes are the normal business attire, and colleagues address each other by last name or by job title.
Harmony in the workplace is essential, with emphasis on joint efforts rather than individual achievements.
Workers often have to get their superiors' approval for all decisions they make and are expected to follow their superiors' instructions without question.
