"We now have a 4-month-old non-diabetic puppy that was once diabetic", she adds.
Dr. Ehud Ur, professor of medicine at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia and head of the clinical and scientific division of the Canadian Diabetes Association, warns that the research is in its infancy.
Like some other experts, he is uncertain about the possibility of curing diabetes, saying that these findings are not applicable to people who already have Type 1 diabetes.
On Monday, Sara Danius, permanent secretary of the Nobel Committee for Literature at the Swedish Academy, publicly announced on a Sveriges Radio program in Sweden that the committee, which had not directly reached out to Bob Dylan about winning the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature, had abandoned its efforts to get him to do so.
"For the time being, we have done nothing", says Danius. "I have called and e-mailed his closest assistant and have received very friendly responses. For the time being, that is all that is needed".
Jamie Siminoff, Ring's CEO, once said that the company started when his garage doorbell rang from his shop.
He made a WiFi doorbell, he said.
Siminoff said the move was controversial after his 2013 appearance on an episode of Shark Tank where the show's panel rejected funding for the startup.
In late 2017, Siminoff appeared on shopping television channel QVC.
Ring also arranged a takeover of a competing security firm, ADT Corporation.
While an experimental vaccine is emerging that reduces Ebola mortality, to date, no medicines have clearly shown efficacy in treating the existing infection.
One antibody cocktail, ZMapp, initially showed promise in the field, but formal studies suggested that it had little benefit against the desired mortality prevention.
In the PALM trial, ZMapp served as a control, meaning that the scientists used it as a reference and compared the three other treatments in it.
USA Gymnastics supports the United States Olympic Committee's letter and recognizes the absolute need of the Olympic family to promote a safe environment for all of our athletes.
We agree with the USOC that the interests of our athletes and clubs, and their sport, might be better served by taking a forward-looking and constructive approach to our organization, against desertification.
USA Gymnastics is supporting an independent investigation that may shed light on how such a massive adaptation abuse as boldly described by Larry Nassar survivors may not be understood for a long time and adapt to any necessary and appropriate changes.
USA Gymnastics and the USOC share the goal of making the sport of gymnastics, and beyond, as safe as possible for athletes to pursue their aspirations in a safe, positive and nurturing environment.
Throughout the 1960s, Brzezinski worked for John F. Kennedy as his adviser and for the Lyndon B. Johnson administration.
In the 1976 election he advised Carter on foreign policy, while serving as National Security Advisor (NSA) from 1977 to 1981, succeeding Henry Kissinger.
As NSA, he helped Carter diplomatically handle global crises, such as the Camp David Accords, 1978; normalization of US/China relations until the late 1970s; the Iranian Revolution, leading to the Iran hostage crisis, 1979; and the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan, 1979.
The film, starring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone, received nominations in all major categories.
Gosling and Stone received nominations for Best Actor and Actress respectively.
Other nominations included Best Picture, Director, Cinematography, Costume Design, Film-editing, Original Score, Production Design, Sound Editing, Sound Mixing and Original Screenplay.
Two songs from the film, Audition (The Fools Who Dream) and City of Stars, received nominations for best original song. Lionsgate received 26 nominations - more than any other studio.
Later on Sunday, President Donald Trump of the United States, in a statement sent through the press secretary, indicated that US troops would be moving into Syria.
The announcement was made after Trump spoke by phone with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
Turkey will also be replaced in guarding the captured ISIS soldiers who, the statement said, European countries refuse to repatriate.
Not only does this confirm that at least some dinosaurs had feathers, a theory that is becoming widespread, but it also provides details that fossils cannot provide, such as color and three-dimensional symmetry.
Scientists say that the animal's feathers are chestnut-brown on the upper surface with a pale or carotenoid color underneath.
The findings also shed light on the evolution of feathers in birds.
Because dinosaur feathers lacked a well-developed shaft, called a rachis, but had other features of feathers  beards and barbels  researchers have concluded that the rachis was a late evolutionary development against these other features.
The structure of the feathers suggests that they were not used for flight but for temperature control or vision. Researchers suggest that, although the tail is that of a juvenile dinosaur, the specimen shows adult feathers and not a chick's skin.
The researchers advise that, although the tail is that of a juvenile dinosaur, the specimen shows adult feathers and not a chick's skin.
A car bomb exploded at the police headquarters in Gaziantep, Turkey, in the early afternoon, killing two police officers and injuring more than 20 others.
The governor's office said that police officers were among the dozens of injured.
Police say they suspect a Daesh (ISIL) -aligned militant was responsible for the attack.
They realized that the Sun operates on the same basic principles as other stars: The activity of all the stars in the system is understood to be driven by their luminosity, their rotation, and nothing else.
The luminosity and rotation are used together to calculate the Rossby number of a star, which relates to the flow of plasma.
The lower the Rossby number, the less active the star is in terms of magnetic oscillations.
On his journey, Iwasaki encountered trouble on many occasions.
He was robbed by pirates, attacked by a mad dog in Tibet, robbed of a wedding in Nepal, and arrested in India.
The 802.11n standard runs on both 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz frequencies.
This allows it to be backward compatible with 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g, as long as the base station has dual radios.
The speed of 802.11n is significantly faster than its predecessors with a maximum theoretical throughput of 600Mbit/s.
Duvall, who is married and has two teenage children, left little impression on Miller, who was told the story.
When asked to comment, Miller said, "Mike spoke at length at the hearing... I was prepared to pretend I hadn't heard him".
"We are aiming to reduce carbon dioxide emissions per unit of GDP by a measurable margin by 2020 from 2005 levels", Hu said.
He did not give a figure for the declines, saying that these would be based on the output of the Chinese economy.
Hu urged developing nations "to avoid the old path of dirty first and clean later".
He added that "they should not, however, be asked to assume an obligation that is beyond their state of development, responsibilities and capacities".
The Iraq Study Group presented their paper at 12.00 GMT today.
It warns that No one can guarantee that any delay in action in Iraq to that point will prevent sectarian strife, growing dissent, or a descent into chaos.
The Report calls for open debate and the formation of a consensus in the United States over the Middle East policy.
This statement was highly critical of virtually every aspect of the Executive's present policy toward Iraq and called for an immediate change of direction.
First among its 78 recommendations was a new diplomatic initiative to be implemented by the end of this year to secure Iraq's borders against hostile interventions and to reestablish diplomatic relations with its neighbors.
The current Senator and former Argentine First Lady Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner declared her candidacy for the presidency last night in La Plata, a city 50 kilometers (31 miles) away from Buenos Aires.
Mrs. Kirchner announced her intention to run for the presidency at the Argentine Theatre, the same location she used to launch her 2005 campaign for the Senate as a member of the Buenos Aires provincial delegation.
The controversy has been sparked by the excessive spending on relief and reconstruction in the wake of Hurricane Katrina; some fiscal conservatives have derisively called it "Bush's New Orleans Deal".
Liberal lobbyists focused on the reconstruction effort to award the reconstruction contracts to Washington's well-known insiders.
More than four million people came to Rome for his funeral.
The crowd was so large that it was no longer possible for everyone to attend the funeral in St. Peter's Square.
Several large television screens were installed in various parts of Rome to provide a live view of the ceremony.
In many other cities in Italy and in other parts of the world, especially in Poland, similar sets were put on, which were seen by countless people.
Historians have criticized past FBI policies for focusing resources on easily solvable cases, especially stolen car cases, with the goal of raising the agency's victory rating.
Congress began funding the obscenity initiative in fiscal 2005 and said the FBI should assign 10 agents to adult pornography.
Robin Uthappa made the highest score of the innings, 70 runs in 41 balls by hitting 11 fours and 2 sixes.
Their middle order batsmen, Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, batted well and formed a hundred-run partnership.
However, the captain's wicket was lost and India scored just 36 runs for 7 wickets to finish the innings.
U.S. President George W. Bush arrives in Singapore on the morning of November 16, beginning a week-long tour of Asia.
He was welcomed by Singapore's Deputy Prime Minister Wong Kan Seng and discussed trade and terrorism issues with Singapore's Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong.
After a week of losing the midterm elections, Bush addressed the audience on the expansion of trade with Asia.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper agreed to send the government's Clean Air Act to an all-party committee for review, before its second reading, after a 25-minute meeting on Tuesday with NDP leader Jack Layton at the PMO.
Layton called for changes to the conservatives' environmental bill during a meeting with the PM, calling for a "scrutiny and complete rewriting" of the Conservative party's environmental bill.
Since the Federal Government stepped in to replace the funding for the Mersey hospital in Devonport, Tasmania, the state government and some federal MPs have denounced this move as a sham preparation for the federal election due that November.
However, Prime Minister John Howard said that the action was only to keep the hospital facilities from being downgraded by the Tasmanian government, providing an additional AUD$45 million.
According to the latest bulletin, sea level readings indicate that a tsunami has formed. Some specific tsunami activity has been recorded near Pago Pago and Niue.
No major damage or injuries were reported in Tonga, but a temporary power outage, which according to the report prevented the authorities in Tonga from receiving the tsunami warning issued by the PTWC.
Fourteen Hawaii schools on or near beaches were closed for the entire Wednesday despite the lifting of warnings.
U.S. President George W. Bush accepted the announcement.
Gordon Johndroe, a spokesman for Bush, called the North Korean pledge "a major step toward the goal of achieving a verifiable denuclearization of the Korean peninsula".
The tenth named storm of the Atlantic Hurricane season, Subtropical Storm Jerry, formed today in the Atlantic Ocean.
The National Hurricane Center (NHC) says that Jerry is not currently a threat to land.
The U.S. Corps of Engineers estimates that up to 6 inches of rain may enter the old dam failures.
The Ninth Ward, which experienced flooding as high as 20 feet [20 m] in Hurricane Katrina, was recently in floodwaters because of the collapse of nearby dams.
The dam's water flows out of a section that is 100 feet [30 m] wide.
Commons Administrator Adam Cuerden released his work on deletions in his Wikinews talk earlier this month.
"He [Wales] has been lying to us from the very beginning: first, by pretending to fight for legal reasons; second, by pretending to fight for us, right down to his art of elimination".
Community outrage has led to resourceful efforts to establish a policy on sexual content for the site that hosts millions of open-licensed media.
The scope of the work was theoretical, but the program was written to accommodate observations made in the Sagittarius galaxy.
The effect the team is looking for is possible because of the forces exerted between the galaxy's dark matter and the Milky Way's dark matter.
Just as the moon's gravitational pull on the earth causes tidal forces, so the Milky Way exerts a force on the Sagittarius galaxy.
Scientists have concluded that dark matter affects other dark matter in much the same way as regular matter does.
This theory states that the dark matter around a galaxy appears in a galaxy in a kind of halo, and it is made up of many microscopic particles.
Television news reports showed white smoke billowing from the plant.
Local authorities warned residents near the plant to stay inside, turn off air-conditioners, and avoid drinking tap water.
According to Japan's nuclear agency, radioactive caesium and iodine were found in the plant.
Authorities think that this indicates that containers containing uranium fuel may have been blown off the site and are leaking.
Dr. Tony Moll has discovered Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in the South African region of KwaZulu-Natal.
In a speech, he said that the new variant was "extremely alarming and alarming because of its extremely high mortality rate".
Other patients may have contracted the virus in the hospital, Dr. Moll reasoned, and at least two health workers were employed in the hospital.
In a year, a person with the condition may shed 10 to 15 corneal contacts.
Nevertheless, the percentage of XDR-TB in the entire tuberculosis population seems to remain low; 6,000 out of a total of 330,000 people are infected at any given time in South Africa.
The satellites, both weighing more than 1,000 pounds and traveling at an estimated 17,500 miles per hour, collide about 491 miles above the Earth.
Scientists say that the explosion caused by the collision was very large.
They are still trying to figure out how big the flare is and how it will affect the world.
The United States Strategic Command office of the U.S. Department of Defense is now tracking the remaining small parts.
The result of the investigation is posted on a public website.
A doctor working at the Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, was the victim of an aggravated murder when his mother was found dead in the trunk of her car on Wednesday, authorities in Ohio said.
Dr. Malar Balasubramanian, 29, of Blue Ash, Ohio, a suburb about 15 miles north of Cincinnati, was found lying on the ground by the side of the road in T-shirts and underwear in what seemed like a highly drugged state.
He showed the officers to his black Oldsmobile Intrigue 500 feet [500 m] away.
There, they found the body of Saroja Balasubramanian, 53, wrapped in bloody rags.
The policeman said that the body had been there for about a day.
The first cases of the disease this season were reported in late July.
Swine fever was transmitted, which was transmitted to humans by mosquitoes.
The outbreak has prompted the Indian government to take measures such as placing pig-catchers in the worst affected areas, distributing mosquito nets and spraying pesticides.
The government also promised several million vials of encephalitis vaccine, which could help health agencies for the next year.
Plans for vaccines to be delivered to historically worst-affected areas this year have been delayed due to lack of funds and a short delay in connection with other diseases.
In 1956 Słania moved to Sweden, where three years later he began working for the Swedish Post Office and became their chief engraver.
He has made over 1,000 stamps for Sweden and 28 other countries.
His work was of such renowned quality and detail that he was one of the few "household names" among philatelists.
His 1,000th stamp was David Klöcker Ehrenstrahl's 2000 "Great Deeds by Swedish Kings", which was listed in the Guinness Book of World Records.
He is also known to have engraved coins for many countries, the latest examples of his work including the Prime Ministerial portraits on the front of the new Canadian $5 and $100 bills.
After the accident, Gibson was taken to a hospital but died soon afterward.
The truck driver, a 64-year-old man, was not injured in the crash.
The vehicle itself was removed from the scene of the accident at about 1200 GMT on the same day.
A man working in a garage near the scene of the accident said: "There were children waiting to cross the street and they were all screaming and crying".
They ran farther away from the scene of the accident.
Other topics on the Bali agenda include saving the world's remaining forests, and sharing technology to help developing countries grow in ways that reduce pollution.
The UN still hopes to create a fund to help countries affected by global warming cope with the effects.
Money can go to flood-proof housing, better water management, and crop diversification.
Efforts by some to silence women about women's health, Fluke writes, have not succeeded.
She came to this conclusion because of the number of positive comments and encouragement she received from same-sex individuals who urged that contraceptive medicine be considered a medical necessity.
When the fighting stopped after the wounded were taken to the hospital, about 40 of the other remaining prisoners remained in the barracks and refused to return to their cells.
Negotiators tried to mediate, but the prisoners' demands were unclear.
Between 10:00-11:00 pm MDT, a fire was started by inmates in the jail.
Soon, officers in riot gear entered the compound and cornered the prisoners with tear gas.
The fire was finally extinguished by firefighters at about 11:35 p.m.
After the dam was built in 1963, the seasonal floods that spread sediment down the entire river stopped.
This sediment is essential to form sandbars and beaches, which serve as habitats for wildlife.
As a result, two species of fish have been wiped out, and two others are endangered, including the humpback chub.
Although the water level is only a few feet above the floodwaters, officials hope that this will be enough to restore the elevated sandbars to the riverbed.
No tsunami warning was issued, and according to the Jakarta geophysics agency, no tsunami warning was issued because the quake did not reach the required magnitude 6.5.
Although there was no tsunami threat, residents began to panic and began abandoning their businesses and homes.
Although Winfrey was in tears at her departure, she made it clear to her fans that she would be back.
"This is not goodbye. It's like closing a chapter and opening a new one".
The latest results from the Namibian presidential and parliamentary elections indicate that the incumbent president, Hifikepunye Pohamba, has been re-elected by a large margin.
The sitting party, the South West Africa People's Organisation (SWAPO), retained a majority in the parliamentary elections.
Coalition and Afghan troops were moved to the area to secure the area and other coalition aircraft were sent to help.
The eruption occurred high in the mountains, and it is believed to have been caused by an explosive detonation.
Efforts were made to find the spot, which was cut off by bad weather and difficult roads.
Medical charity Mangola, Medecins Sans Frontieres and the World Health Organisation said it was the worst outbreak ever recorded in a country.
Richard Veerman, spokesman for Medecins Sans Frontiere, said: "Angola is going to its worst since the beginning of the outbreak and the situation remains very bad in Angola", he said.
The matches started at 10:00 a.m. with good weather and except for a small amount of rain that disappeared quickly, it was a perfect day for 7s rugby.
Tournament leaders South Africa are off to a good start with a comfortable 26 - 00 victory over fifth-placed Zambia.
Although South Africa were apparently unprepared in their matches against their southern allies, they continued to improve as the tournament progressed.
Their disciplined defense, good ball control, and excellent teamwork set them apart and made them the team to beat.
Officials of the city of Amsterdam and the Anne Frank Museum have said that the tree is infected with a fungus and poses a public health hazard while arguing that it is in danger of collapsing.
It was scheduled for Tuesday's hearing, but was saved after an emergency court ruling.
All the entrances to the cave, dubbed "The Seven Sisters", are between 100 and 250 meters (328 and 820 feet) in diameter.
Infrared images show that temperature variations from night to day indicate that they may indeed be caves.
They are cooler against surrounding surfaces during the day and cooler at night.
"Their thermal behavior is not like Earth's great caverns that are continuous and the terrain maintains a relatively constant temperature, but it is consistent with deep-seated caverns in the earth", says Glen Cushing of the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Astrogeology Team and Northern Arizona University in Flagstaff, Arizona.
In France, voting has traditionally been a low-tech experiment: the voter sits alone in a booth, a pre-printed piece of paper informing him of their chosen candidate is placed in an envelope.
After the officials verify the voter's identity, the voter will drop the envelope into the ballot box and sign the ballot roll.
French electoral law strictly codifies the procedures.
Since 1988, ballot boxes have had to be sealed so that voters and observers can see that no envelopes were present at the start of voting and that no envelopes were added except those of the counted and authorized voters.
Candidates could send their representatives to witness each stage of the process. At night, the votes of the volunteers were counted under heavy management, following specific procedures.
The ASUS Eee PC, having been launched quickly worldwide for cost and performance reasons, became a hot topic at the 2007 Taipei IT Month.
However, the consumer market for laptop computers has been highly diversified and has changed after ASUS was awarded the 2007 Taiwan Sustainable Award by the Executive Yuan of the Republic of China.
The station's website describes the show as "an old-school radio drama with a new and terrifying twist!"
In its early days, the show was only shown on the long-running internet radio site TogiNet Radio, a site focused on talk radio.
In late 2015, TogiNet established AstroNet Radio as a subsidiary station.
The show originally featured amateur voice actors, local to East Texas.
The theft reportedly continued at night, as there were no law enforcement officers on the streets of Bishkek.
The sinking Bishkek city was described as a state of "anarchy" by one observer, as mobs of people roamed the streets and robbed shops of consumer goods.
Some residents of Bishkek blamed the lawlessness on the protesters from the south.
South Africa defeated the All Blacks (New Zealand) in a rugby union Tri Nations match at the Royal Bafokeng Stadium in Rustenburg, South Africa.
The final score was a one-point victory, 21 to 20, ending the All Blacks' 15-match winning streak.
For the Springboks, this ended a five-match winning streak.
It was the final game for the All Blacks, who had won the trophy two weeks earlier.
The final match of the series will take place at Ellis Park in Johannesburg next week, where the Australian Springboks will be taking on the West Indies.
A quake of just the right magnitude struck western Montana at 10:08 p.m. on Monday.
No immediate reports of the quake were received by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) and its National Earthquake Information Center.
The quake was centered about 20 km (15 miles) north-northeast of Dillon, and about 65 km (40 miles) south of Butte.
The strain of bird flu that can kill humans, H5N1, was confirmed to have infected a dead wild duck, found on Monday, in marshland near Lyon in eastern France.
France is the seventh European Union country to suffer from the virus; it follows Austria, Germany, Slovenia, Bulgaria, Greece and Italy.
Suspected cases of H5N1 in Croatia and Denmark remain unconfirmed.
Chambers blamed God for the "widespread death, destruction and terrorism of millions of Earth's inhabitants".
Chambers, himself an agnostic, argued that his belief was "totally unfounded" and that "anyone can believe anyone".
The story presented in the French opera, Camille Saint-Saens, is about an artist "whose life is marked by a love of drugs and Japan".
As a result, performers smoke cannabis joints on stage, and the theater itself encourages the audience to participate.
Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, Texas governor Rick Perry, and Congresswoman Michele Bachmann finished in fourth, fifth, and sixth place, respectively.
After the results were in, Gingrich praised Santorum, but the words were harsh for Romney, who had been the subject of negative campaign ads aired in Iowa against Gingrich.
Perry said he would "go back to Texas to look at the results of the caucus tonight, to see if there's a path forward for me in this race", but ultimately said he would stay in the race and contest the January 21 South Carolina primary.
Bachmann, who won the Ames Straw Poll in August, decided to end his campaign.
The photographer was taken to Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center, where he died shortly thereafter.
Reportedly in his 20s, Bieber said in a statement that "[w]hile I was not there and not directly involved in this tragic accident, my thoughts and prayers are with the victim's family".
Entertainment news website TMZ learned that the photographer parked his car on the back side of Sepulveda Boulevard and tried to take pictures of the police stop before crossing and continuing, prompting a California Highway Patrol officer who handled traffic to order him to return to the other side, twice.
According to the police, the driver of the car that overtook the photographer may not have faced criminal charges.
Of the eighteen medals available each day, several nations failed to reach the medal podium.
They were joined by the Netherlands, with Anna Jochemsen finishing ninth in the women's standing class in the Super-G yesterday, and Finland with Katja Saarinen finishing tenth in the same event.
Australia's Mitchell Gourley finished eleventh in the men's standing Super-G. Czech opponent Oldrich Jelinek finished sixteenth in the men's sitting Super-G.
Arly Velasquez of Mexico finished fifteenth in the men's sitting Super-G. Adam Hall of New Zealand finished ninth in the men's standing Super-G.
Poland's men's visually impaired skier Maciej Krezel and guide Anna Ogarzynska finished thirteenth in the Super-G. Jong Seork Park of South Korea finished twenty-fourth in the men's sitting Super-G.
UN peacekeepers, who arrived in Haiti after the 2010 earthquake, were blamed for the spread of the disease that began near a military base.
According to the lawsuit, no effort was made to sanitize the waste from the UN camp, so the bacteria found their way to the mouth of the Artibonite River, one of Haiti's largest rivers.
Before the arrival of the troops, Haiti had not faced problems related to the disease since the 1800s.
The Haitian Institute for Justice and Democracy points to independent studies that say that the UN peacekeeping battalion in Nepal inadvertently brought the disease to Haiti.
Danielle Lantagne, a UN expert on the disease, said that the spread was possible because of peacekeepers.
Hamilton confirmed to Howard University Hospital that the patient was admitted in good condition.
The patient had come from Nigeria, where several cases of the Ebola virus have occurred.
The hospital followed infection control protocol, including the isolation of the patient to prevent possible infection.
Prior to The Simpsons, Simon worked on several films in various roles.
During the 1980s she worked on such films as Taxi, Cheers, and The Tracy Ullman Show.
In 1989 he helped produce The Simpsons with Brooks and Groening, and was responsible for recruiting the first team of screenwriters.
Despite leaving the show in 1993 he retained the title of executive producer, and continued to receive tens of millions of dollars per season in royalties.
Earlier, the Chinese news agency Xinhua reported that a plane had been hijacked.
Later reports explained that the plane had received bomb threats and was sent back to Afghanistan, landing at Kandahar.
Earlier reports said the plane was turned back to Afghanistan after an emergency landing in Urumqi was denied.
Air accidents are common in Iran, which has an old fleet that is not well equipped for both civil and military operations.
International sanctions mean that it is no longer advisable to buy a new aircraft.
Earlier this week, a police helicopter crashed, killing three people and injuring three others.
Last month Iran experienced its worst air disaster of the year when a passenger plane bound for Armenia crashed, killing 168 on board.
In the same month another airliner was spotted running off the runway in Mashhad and hitting a wall, killing seventeen.
Aerosmith canceled the remaining shows of their tour.
The rock band was supposed to tour the United States and Canada until September 16.
They canceled the tour after their lead singer Steven Tyler was injured after falling off the stage during a performance on August 5.
Murray lost the first set in a tie break after the two men in the set switched serves.
Del Potro had the lead early in the second set, but it still required a tie break after the score was 6-6.
Potro received treatment for his shoulder at that point but was able to return to normal.
The program began at 8:30 p.m. local time (15.00 UTC).
Popular singers from all over the country performed bhajans, or devotional songs, at Shri Shyam's feet.
Singer Sanju Sharma started the evening, followed by Jai Shankar Choudhary. chhappan bhog bhajan was also presented. Singer Raju Khandelwal joined him.
Afterwards, Lakkha Singh led the singing of the bhajans.
108 plates of Chhappan Bhog (in Hinduism, 56 different food items, such as sweets, fruits, nuts, soups, and others offered to the god) are served to Baba Shyam.
Lakkha Singh also performed the chhappan bhog bhajan.
At the company's keynote presentation at the Tokyo Game Show, Nintendo president Satoru Iwata showed off the controller design for the company's new Nintendo Revolution console.
Similar to a television remote, the controller uses two sensors placed near the television to triangulate its position in three-dimensional space.
This allows the players to control their actions and moods in video games by moving the device in the air.
Giancarlo Fisichella lost control of his car and quickly finished the race just a full lap from the start.
His teammate Fernando Alonso led for most of the race, but the race was stopped shortly after a pit stop, apparently because of a faulty alignment of the front wheels.
Michael Schumacher finished his race not long after Alonso, exhausted by being suspended for many fights during the race.
"He was very cute and still sang well", he said according to a transcript of the news conference.
I was moved every time we practiced this, deep in my heart.
About three minutes before takeoff, on-board cameras caught a large chunk of insulation foam coming off the fuel tank.
However, they did not expect this to cause distress to the shuttle.
NASA's shuttle program director N. Wayne Hale Jr. said that the hole fell "after the time we were worried about".
Five minutes before the display the wind started blowing, a minute later, the wind was up to 70km/h... and the rain came, but it was so strong and heavy that it felt like a pin was hitting your skin, and the rain fell from the sky, people were scared and shouting and running at each other.
My brother and his friend were gone, and I was on my way with two disabled people in wheelchairs, pushed and shoved by people", said Armand Versace.
NHK also reported that the Kashiwazaki Kariwa nuclear power plant in Niigata prefecture is still in operation.
Hokuriku Electric Power Co. reported no damage from the earthquake and shut down its Number 1 and 2 reactors at the Shika nuclear power plant.
It was reported that some 9,400 homes in the region had no water and an estimated 100 had no electricity.
Some roads were destroyed, train services were cut in the affected areas, and Noto Airport in Ishikawa prefecture remained closed.
A bomb exploded outside the governor general's office.
Three more bombs exploded near the government building within two hours.
Eight officials published the death toll, and the official report confirmed up to 30 wounded; the final figure is still unknown.
Cyanuric acid and melamine are both found in urine samples from pets that have died after eating contaminated food.
The two compounds react with each other to form crystals that can inhibit kidney function, say university researchers.
Researchers have observed crystals formed in the urine of the frog by combining melamine and cyanuric acid.
The composition of these crystals matches that found in the urine of infected animals when compared by means of infrared spectroscopy (FTIR).
I don't know if you've noticed it or not, but most of the equipment from Central America came to this city with no purpose.
But an unknown percentage of our goods are subject to tariffs in Central American countries.
This is not fair to me; it is not fair.
All I can say to people is that we are to be viewed in the same way that you are.
California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger signed a bill that prohibits the sale or rental of violent video games to minors.
The law requires that violent video games sold in the state of California be marked with a decal reading "18" and that their sale to minors may be punishable by a fine of $1000 per offense.
The Director of Public Prosecutions, Kier Starmer QC, made a statement this morning announcing the arrest of Huhne and Pryce.
Huhne had resigned and was replaced in the Cabinet by Ed Davery MP. It was hoped that Norman Lamb MP would take over the Business Minister job that Davey had left.
Huhne and Pryce were scheduled to appear in Westminster Magistrates' Court on February 16.
The victims were Nicholas Alden, 25, and Zachary Cuddeback, 21. Cuddeback was the driver.
Edgar Veguilla suffered injuries to his arm and jaw while Kristoffer Schneider needed reconstructive surgery for his face.
Uka's weapons failed while hitting the fifth man's head. Schneider had chronic pain, blindness in one eye, a missing part of the skull and a face reconstructed from titanium.
Schneider was intercepted via videolink from a USAF base in his hometown.
Aside from the Wednesday event, Carpanedo competed in two individual races at the Championships.
His first was the Slalom, where he had a Did Not Finish on his first run. 36 of the 116 competitors had the same result in that race.
Her other race, the Giant Slalom, saw her finish tenth in the women's division with a combined time of 4:41.30, 2:11.60 minutes slower than the first-place finisher Claudia Loesch of Austria and 1:09.02 minutes slower than ninth-place Gyongyi Dani of Hungary.
Four skiers in the women's sitting group failed to finish their race, and 45 of the 117 total skiers in the Giant Slalom failed to finish the race.
Madhya Pradesh Police recovered the stolen laptop and mobile phone.
Deputy Inspector General D K Arya said, "We have arrested the five men who raped the Swiss woman and confiscated her mobile phone and laptop".
The accused were named as Baba Kanjar, Bhutha Kanjar, Rampro Kanjar, Gaza Kanjar and Vishnu Kanjar.
Police superintendent Chandra Shekhar Solanki said that the accused would appear in court with their faces covered.
Although three people were inside the house when the car crashed, none of them were injured.
Meanwhile, the driver suffered serious head injuries.
A temporary road closure was put in place while emergency services assisted the driver to get out of the red Audi TT.
He was first taken to James Paget Hospital in Great Yarmouth.
After that he was transferred to Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge.
Adekoya was constantly in the Edinburgh Sheriff Court on trial for the murder of his son.
He was in custody awaiting trial and appearance, but any evidence found could have been tainted by the publicity that had been given to his image.
This practice is common elsewhere in the UK but the justice system in Scotland is different and the court saw the publication of the photographs as potentially disruptive.
Professor Pamela Ferguson of Dundee University says that "journalists are walking a dangerous line when they publish photos and other material of the suspects".
The Crown Office, which handled the cases, informed the press that no further comment would be released at least until the trial.
The document, according to the leak, refers to border disputes, which Palestine wants based on the borders before the 1967 Mideast War.
Other topics discussed in print included the future state of Jerusalem as sacred to both nations and the Jordan Valley issue.
Israel maintains a continuous military presence in the mountains for ten years at the time of signing an agreement while the PA agrees to leave such a presence for only five years.
Participants in additional pest-control trials should be screened by experts, since the trials are monitored and their effectiveness is evaluated.
In partnership with the NPWS and the Sporting Shooters Association of Australia (NSW) Inc., qualified volunteers were recruited, under the Sporting Shooters Association's hunting program.
According to Mick O'Flynn, Acting Director Park Conservation and Heritage with the NPWS, the four shooters selected for the first gun operation received comprehensive rescue and training instructions.
Martelly was sworn in to the new nine-member Provisional Electoral Council (CEP) yesterday.
This was Martelly's fifth CEP in four years.
Last month a presidential commission recommended the early resignation of the CEP as part of a move to move the country to new elections.
The commission was Martelly's solution to the growing anti-regime protests that had begun in October.
Occasionally violent protests have erupted over the failure to hold elections, some as far back as 2011.
Some 60 cases of unregistered overheated iPods were seized, causing a total of six fires that left four people with minor injuries.
Japan's Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) says that it is aware of 27 accidents involving devices.
Last week, METI announced that Apple had 34 more incidents of overheating, which the company called "minor".
The ministry responded by calling Apple's delayed report "very scandalous"
The quake struck Mariana at 7:19 a.m. local time (9:19 p.m. GMT Friday).
The emergency management office of the Northern Marianas Region said that no national disasters had been reported to them.
And the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center says that there is no indication that a tsunami is imminent.
A former Filipino policeman captured Hong Kong tourists by hijacking their bus in Manila, the capital of the Philippines.
Rolando Mendoza fired his M16 rifle at the tourists.
A few hostages were rescued and at least six were confirmed dead in the ambush.
Six hostages, including children and the elderly, were released early, as were the Filipino photographers.
Soon, the camera switched positions because the elderly woman needed to use a washbasin.
Liggins followed in his father's footsteps and entered the medical profession.
She trained as an obstetrician and began working at Auckland's National Women's Hospital in 1959.
While working at the hospital, Liggins began investigating premature labor during his spare time.
His research shows that when the hormone is controlled, it can accelerate the contraction of the baby's lungs.
Xinhua reports that government investigators recovered two 'black box' recorders of Wednesday's flight.
Luna still has the respect of fellow wrestlers.
Tommy Dreamer said "Luna was the most fun Queen of Extreme. My favorite manager. Luna died on the night of the second of the month. Just as different as her. Strong woman".
Dustin "Goldust" Runnels commented that "Luna has as much of a sense of humor as I do...maybe even more...I love her and miss her...she's in a great place".
In addition to the 1,400 people who polled before the 2010 federal election, those opposed to Australia becoming a republic have increased by 8 percent since 2008.
Conservative Prime Minister Julia Gillard claimed during the 2010 federal election campaign that she believed Australia should become a republic at the end of Queen Elizabeth II's reign.
34 percent of those polled shared the same view, wishing that Queen Elizabeth II would be the last monarch in Australia.
At the conclusion of the poll, 29 percent of those surveyed believed that Australia should soon become a republic, while 31 percent believed that Australia should not become a republic.
The Olympic gold medalist was due to swim in the 100m and 200m freestyle and in three relay events at the Commonwealth Games, but her complaints raised doubts about her health.
He was unable to take the medicines needed to help relieve the pain because they were forbidden from the Mulay.
Curtis Cooper, a mathematician and professor of computer science at the University of Central Missouri, discovered the largest known prime number in the universe on January 25.
Several people confirmed the discovery using various hardware and software in early February and it was announced on Tuesday.
Comets may have originated by bringing water to the earth along with organic matter that could form proteins and support life.
Scientists hope to learn how planets, especially the Earth, formed, since comets have been hitting the Earth for centuries.
Cuomo, 53, took office earlier this year and signed a bill last month legalizing same-sex marriage.
He described gossip as "political and silly".
He is expected to run for president in 2016.
NextGen is a system promoted by the FAA that would allow aircraft to fly shorter routes and save millions of gallons of fuel per year and cut carbon emissions.
It uses satellite-based technology in contrast to older ground-based radar-based technology that allows the air traffic control to control the pinpoint aircraft with greater accuracy and provide pilots with more accurate information.
No additional vehicles will be parked and no overground trains will stop at Wembley, and car parks and park-and-ride facilities will no longer be used below.
Fears of a lack of transportation have increased the likelihood that the oppressed will be able to flee behind closed doors without supporters of the group.
A study published by Huybes in the journal Science reports the creation of a new species of bird on the Ecuadorian Galapagos Islands.
Researchers from Princeton University in the United States and Uppsala University in Sweden report that the new species evolved in just two generations, although this process is believed to have taken longer, due to a breeding pact between the endemic Darwin finch, Geospiza fortes, and the migrant cactus finch, Geospiza conirostris.
Gold can be shaped into many different shapes, and it can be rolled into tiny shapes.
It can be wound on thin wire, which can be twisted and bent. It can be hammered or rolled into sheets.
It could be made so thin that it was sometimes used to decorate hand-painted pictures in books called "illuminated manuscripts".
You can make a mark with the red juice of the cabbage.
Cabbage juice varies in color depending on whether the chemical is acidic or basic (alkaline).
The pH level indicates the amount of Hydrogen (the H in pH) ions in the test chemical.
Hydrogen ions are protons that are replaced by their electrons (because Hydrogen atoms are made up of one proton and one electron).
Mix the two dry powders and then, with clean clay hands, crush them into a ball.
The fingers in your hands react with the outer layers, which become sensitive to sound and form a kind of shell.
The cities of Harappa and Mohenjo-daro have flush toilets in almost every home, connected to a sophisticated sewage system.
Remnants of the furnace system have been found in houses in the Minoan cities of Crete and Santorini in Greece.
Bathrooms were still common in ancient Egypt, Persia, and China. In Roman civilization, toilets were sometimes part of public baths where men and women could mingle in common company.
If you were to call someone thousands of miles away, you would be using a satellite.
A satellite in space receives a call and then immediately returns it to earth.
The satellite is launched into space by a rocket, and scientists use space telescopes because the Earth's atmosphere absorbs some of our light and light signals.
It would take a giant rocket more than 100 feet high to put a satellite or a telescope into space.
The greatest thing the wheel has done for us is to give us easier and faster transportation.
It carried us by train, by car, and by many other means of transportation.
Below this are just the right size of lizards that have eaten just the right amount of prey from rabbits to antelopes and one.
Finally, many smaller ants (including untamed pet ants) have eaten smaller prey such as insects, lizards, bats, and birds.
The secret to their success was the concept of localization, a special function of each limb that prevents competition with others.
Lions are the most social of the reptiles, living in large groups called pride.
The pride was composed of one to three companions of men of the right age, as well as up to thirty women and children.
Women are usually close to one another, like a large family of sisters and daughters.
Lion pride behave like wolf packs or hounds, animals that have lion-like (but not large-sized) behavior, and are equally lethal to their prey.
An athletic athlete, the tiger can climb (albeit poorly), swim, leap a great distance and can propel itself five times as fast as a strong man.
The tiger is in the same group (Genus Panthera) as the lion, the leopard, and the jaguar.
The tiger's roar is not the same as the full-voiced roar of a lion, but it is more like a voice of fierce, loud words.
The ocelots prey on small animals, capturing monkeys, snakes, ducks, and birds when possible - almost all of which are smaller than the ocelot.
Scientists think that the ocelots follow and find prey by tail, sensing where they land.
They have excellent night vision and can see clearly even in the dark, and they are still very stealthy in their movements.
When a small group of organisms (a small population) becomes separated from the main population from which it came (such as when it moves to a mountain or a river, or when it moves to a new island so that it cannot move again quickly) it often finds itself in a different environment from where it used to live.
This new environment has a variety of resources and a variety of competitors, so the new population will require a variety of qualities or adaptations to be a strong competitor against what they previously knew.
The original population was essentially unchanged, still requiring the same adaptations as before.
Over time, as the new population begins to adapt to their new environment, they begin to be seen as declining like other populations.
Eventually, after thousands or even millions of years, the two populations will look different and can no longer be called the same creature.
We call this process speciation, or the making of new species. Speciation is an inevitable destiny and a very important part of evolution.
Plants produce oxygen that humans breathe in, and they also absorb carbon dioxide that humans exhale (that is, exhale).
Plants obtain their food from the sun by photosynthesis.
We make our homes out of plants, we make our clothes out of plants, we eat plants for the most part, and animals can live without plants.
The ant that spends its time alone will be safe, with no fear, except for other ants.
Its long jaw is filled with more than 70 sharp teeth, with an additional set on the roof of the mouth, meaning that nothing crosses its path.
We cannot be sure, but it may have had a sharp tongue, and it may have fed on lobsters, large fish, and other mammals, and it may even have become a cannibal.
It also attacks anything that enters the water, even a giant dinosaur like the T. rex.
While the origins of their food may be familiar to us, the Romans had equally unusual or unusual festive items, including wild boar, paboreal, breasts, and a type of yacht called a dormouse
Another difference was that while the poor people and women ate their meals while sitting in chairs, the rich preferred to sit on their sides while eating their meals.
Ancient Roman cuisine did not include the foods that came to Europe from the Americas or from Asia in later centuries.
For example, they had no corn, tomatoes, potatoes, or cocoa, and no ancient Roman had ever tasted turkey.
The Babylonians built a primordial temple for each of their gods, which they considered to be the dwelling place of the god.
People would bring sacrifices to the gods and the priests would try to satisfy the needs of the gods by means of ceremonies and festivals.
Each temple had an open courtyard and an inner sanctuary that only the priests could enter.
Special pyramidal towers, called ziggurats, were sometimes built as part of temples.
The top of the tower was the special sanctuary for the god.
In the hot climate of the Middle East, a house was not important.
The Hebrew family life centered on the outdoors.
Women cooked in the thousands; shops were open only as a shell of the street.
There were no large forests in the land of Canaan, so the timber was very expensive.
Norse mythology says that Erik the Red was banished from Iceland for murder, and on a journey further west, he discovered Greenland and named it Greenland.
But despite his discovery, Eskimo tribes were already living there at that time.
Although each country is 'Scandinavian,' there are many differences between the people, kings, customs, and history of Denmark, Sweden, Norway, and Iceland.
If you have seen the film National Treasure, you may have thought that a treasure map was inscribed on the back of the Declaration of Independence.
Although the document was inscribed on the back, it was not a map of wealth.
The back of the Declaration of Independence bears the words "Original Declaration of Independence dated July 4, 1776". The text appears below the document, in italics.
While no one can identify the writer with certainty, it is known that early in his life, the large parchment document (measuring 293⁄4 inches by 241⁄2 inches) was hidden for safekeeping.
Thus, the notation may simply have been added as a label.
The D-Day landings and subsequent battles freed northern France, but not the south.
It was ruled by "Vichy" French, the French who had made peace with the Germans in 1940 and worked for them instead of fighting them.
On 15 August 1940, the Allies occupied the southern part of France, the occupation being called "Operation Dragoon".
Within two weeks American and Free French forces had cleared the south of France and turned toward Germany.
Civilization is a single culture shared by that very large group of people who live and work together, a society.
The word civilization comes from the Latin civilis, meaning civil, in connection with the Latin civis, meaning citizen, and civitas, meaning city or city-state, and likewise describes the size of society.
City-states are the starting point of nations. A culture of civilization describes the transmission of knowledge across several generations, one that remains culturally fertile and equally distributed.
Countries of minority cultures disappear without leaving any historical evidence and fail to be recognized as legitimate civilizations.
In the Revolutionary War, the thirteen states first formed a weak central government with Congress composing it under the Articles of Confederation.
Congress lacks any power to enforce taxes, and, lacking an executive or a judiciary, it relies on state authorities, who are not in competition with each other, to carry out all its activities.
They still had no authority to override tax and tariff laws between states.
The Articles require full consent from all the states before they can be amended and the states simply ignore the central government to the extent that their representatives are absent.
The Italy national football team, along with the German national football team is the second most successful team in the world and were the FIFA World Cup champions in 2006.
Popular sports include football, basketball, volleyball, water-polo, fencing, rugby, cycling, ice hockey, roller hockey and F1 motor racing.
Winter sports are most popular in the Northern regions, with Italians competing in international and Olympic events.
Japan is made up of nearly 7,000 islands (the largest being Honshu), making Japan the 7th largest island in the world!
Because of the cluster/group of islands that comprise Japan, it is fitting to designate Japan, geographically speaking, as an "archipelago"
The origin of Taiwan goes back to the 15th century when passing European explorers recorded the island's name as Ilha Formosa, or beautiful island.
In 1624, the Dutch East India Company established a base in southwestern Taiwan, initiating a revolution in indigenous rice production activities and employing Chinese laborers to work on their rice and sugar plantations.
In 1683, Qing dynasty (1644-1912) forces gained control of the western and northern coastal areas of Taiwan and declared Taiwan a province of the Qing Empire in 1885.
In 1895, after the defeat in the First Sino-Japanese War (1894-1895), the Qing government signed the Treaty of Shimonoseki, in which it ceded control of Taiwan to Japan, which ruled the island until 1945.
Machu Picchu is composed of three main structures, named Intihuatana, the Temple of the Sun, and the Room of the Three Windows.
A number of buildings on the periphery of the complex have been reconstructed to give tourists a better idea of what they really looked like.
By 1976, thirty percent of Machu Picchu had been restored, and the work continues to this day.
For example, the most common still image photography format in the world is 35mm, which was the dominant film size at the close of the analog film era.
This is still done today, but its aspect ratio is more important than digital camera image sensor formats.
The 35mm format is actually a bit confusing, 36mm wide by 24mm high.
The aspect ratio for this format (divided by twelve to get the simplest whole-number ratio) is thus said to be 3:2.
Many common formats (the APS family of formats, for example) can approximate or come close to estimating this aspect ratio.
The extremely abusive and measurement-deficient rule of thirds is the simple guide to creating dynamism while maintaining a degree of order in an image.
This suggests that the most effective location for the main image is where the lines dividing the image into thirds meet vertically and horizontally (see example).
At this time in European history, the Catholic Church, which had become wealthy and powerful, was being put under scrutiny.
For more than a thousand years Christianity had united the states of Europe beyond differences in language and customs.
The range of its powers extends to everyone from the king to the common people.
One of the main tenets of Christianity is that wealth should be used to alleviate poverty and that church funds should be used for that purpose only.
The center of church authority had been in Rome for over a thousand years and that concentration of power and money led to many questions as to whether this belief was being fulfilled.
Shortly after the outbreak of hostilities, Britain launched a naval blockade of Germany.
The strategy has proved effective, cutting off vital military and civilian supplies, even though this line of defense violates some generally accepted international law developed by some international thinkers over the past two centuries.
Britain mined international waters to prevent any ships from entering the entire section of the sea, endangering even neutral shipping.
With a limited answer for this tactic, Germany was waiting for a similar answer for its uncontrolled submarine warfare.
In the 1920s, the enduring values of indigenous peoples and nations were pacifism and isolationism.
After witnessing the horrors and atrocities of war in World War I, the nations desired to avoid a repetition of such a situation in the future.
In 1884, Tesla moved to the United States of America to accept a job with the Edison Company in New York City.
He arrived in the US with 4 cents to his name, a book of poetry, and a letter of recommendation from Charles Batchelor (his manager at his first job) to Thomas Edison.
Ancient China had a unique way of marking different points in time; each Chinese state or ruling family was a different dynasty.
And in the middle of each dynasty was the fragile age of the provinces. The best known of these is the Three Kingdoms period that occurred during the 60 years between the Han and Jin Dynasties.
During these times, fierce conflicts broke out among many nobles vying for the throne.
The Three Kingdoms was one of the bloodiest periods in ancient Chinese history, with thousands of people dying in the struggle for the highest seat in the great palace of Xian.
The social and political effects were many, including the adoption of the metric system, the shift from absolutism to republicanism, nationalism and the belief that the nation belonged to the people and not to a single ruler.
After the Revolution, jobs were still open to all male applicants allowing the most ambitious and diligent to succeed.
The same is true of the military, for instead of being based on class, military ranks are now based on caliber.
The French Revolution also inspired many other poor working-class people in other countries to start their own revolutions.
Muhammad was deeply interested in things beyond this earthly life. He would often go to a cave that became known as Hira on the Hill of Noor (light) for meditation.
The cave itself, which has survived the ages, provides a vivid picture of Muhammad's spiritual inclinations.
Located on the crest of a hill north of Mecca, the cave is a vast expanse of land cut off from the rest of the world.
In fact, it is not easy to find even if one knows that it exists. Once inside the cave, the isolation is total.
Nothing but clear, beautiful skies above and the many surrounding mountains. Very little of this world is visible or audible from inside the cave.
The Great Pyramid of Giza is the only one of the seven wonders of the world still standing today.
Built by the Egyptians in the third century B.C.E., the Great Pyramid is one of many giant pyramidal structures erected in honor of the dead Pharaoh.
The Giza Plateau, or "Giza Necropolis" in Egypt's Valley of the Dead, has several pyramids (of which the great pyramid is the largest), several smaller tombs, several temples, and the great Sphinx.
The great pyramid was built in honor of Pharaoh Khufu, and many of the smaller pyramids, tombs, and temples were built in honor of Khufu's wives and relatives.
The "up bow" mark resembles a V and the "down bow" mark resembles a staple or square without its bottom.
Up means you have to start from the top and push the bow, and down means you have to start from the frog (where your hand is holding the bow) and swing the bow.
The up-bow is lowered to produce a softer sound, while the down-bow is raised and louder.
Do not hesitate to cover your own marks, but remember that printed curve marks are there for musical reasons, and they should be respected.
The frightened King Louis XVI, Queen Marie Antoinette and their two young children (Marie Therese, aged 11, and Louis-Charles, aged 4) and the King's sister, Madam Elizabeth, were forced to return on 6 October 1789 from Versailles by a mob of women in the marketplace.
In a carriage, they traveled back to Paris surrounded by a mob shouting and shouting threats against the King and Queen.
The mob forced the King and Queen to open wide the windows of their chariot.
On one occasion a member of the mob flagged the head of a royal guard executed at Versailles in front of the frightened queen.
The war costs of U.S. imperialism in the Philippines were borne by the Filipino people themselves.
They were forced to pay taxes to the U.S. colonial regime to cover a large part of the costs and interest on bonds issued in the name of the Philippine government by Wall Street banking houses.
Of course, the huge profits made from the long exploitation of the Filipinos could be fully used by the chief beneficiary of U.S. imperialism.
To understand the Templars one must understand the context that prompted the creation of the order.
The High Middle Ages is the period in European history during the 11th, 12th, and 13th centuries (AD 10001300).
The High Middle Ages were preceded by the Early Middle Ages and followed by the Late Middle Ages, which by convention ended around 1500.
Technological determinism is a term that brings a broad range of business ideas, from push-technology or the necessary technology to the strict sense that human destiny is driven by the logic of the law of averages and their reflection on technology.
Common interpretations of technological determinism follow two general ideas: that the development of technology itself follows a path beyond cultural or political influence, and that technology also has effects on social environments, rather than social conditions.
For example, someone might say that the motor car should lead to the improvement of roads.
However, a nationwide network would not be economically viable for a small number of cars, so the new production method was developed to reduce the cost of ownership.
Car ownership has led to a high incidence of road accidents, leading to the development of new treatments for the repair of damaged bodies.
Romanticism had a strong element of cultural determinism, borrowed from writers such as Goethe, Fichte, and Schlegel.
In the context of Romanticism, geography shaped individuals, and over time customs and cultures associated with this geography emerged, and these, united in the social sphere, were better against the established fixed laws.
Just as Paris was known as the fashion capital of the underworld, Constantinople was known as the fashion capital of feudal Europe.
Its reputation as a center of pride began about 400 A.D. and lasted until about 1100 A.D.
Its status in the twelfth century was enhanced by the fact that the Crusaders returned with gifts such as silk and spices that were worth more than those offered in Byzantine markets.
It was during this period that the title of Fashion Capital was transferred from Constantinople to Paris.
The Gothic style reached its zenith in the period between the 10th - 11th centuries and the 14th century.
Early on, Byzantine culture had a strong influence on dress in the east.
However, because of the slow pace of communication, the western style lasted about 25 to 30 years.
Towards the end of the Middle Ages western Europe began to develop its own style. One of the greatest achievements of the period as a result of the crusades, people began to use buttons to hold their clothes.
Subsistence agriculture is agriculture practiced for the production of food that is sufficient to meet the needs of the farmer and his family.
Subsistence agriculture is a simple, rural organic, system that uses collected seeds native to the ecoregion combined with crop rotation or other simple techniques to increase yields.
Historically, most farmers worked in subsistence agriculture, and this is still the case in many developing countries.
Subcultures unite like-minded individuals who feel alienated from societal norms and allow them to develop a sense of identity.
Subcultures may differ based on age, ethnicity, class, location, and/or gender of the members.
The qualities that distinguish a subculture may be linguistic, aesthetic, religious, political, sexual, geographic, or a combination of factors.
In rural areas members of a subculture express their membership through a distinctive and symbolic use of style, which includes fashions, customs, and idioms.
One of the most common ways used to illustrate the importance of companionship is to take a few sad cases of children who, through neglect, bad luck, or intentional abuse, were cut off from adult companionship as they grew up.
Some violent children are imprisoned by humans (including their own parents); in some cases this is child abandonment due to parental neglect of the child's severe intellectual or physical defects.
Violent children may have experienced severe childhood abuse or trauma before being abandoned or running away.
Some have been adopted and raised by animals; others have been bred to live alone in the wild.
When raised by nonhuman animals, a violent child displays behaviors (within physical limits) that almost entirely resemble that of that particular caring animal, such as his fear or indifference toward humans.
While project-based learning can make learning easier and more interesting, scaffolding takes it one step further.
Scaffolding is not a learning method but an aid that provides support to individuals embarking on a new learning experience such as using a new computer program or starting a new project.
Scaffolds can be both virtual and real, that is, the teacher is a scaffold shape but so is the tiny paperclip human-human in Microsoft Office.
Virtual Scaffolds are embedded in a software and are intended to ask, suggest, and explain techniques that might challenge the student to do something alone.
Children are placed in Foster Care for a wide variety of reasons ranging from neglect, to abuse, and even to bullying.
No child should grow up in an environment that is uncaring, uncaring, and uneducated, but they are.
We see the Foster Care System as a safe haven for these children.
Our foster care system should provide safe homes, loving caregivers, reliable education, and reliable health care.
The foster care system must be able to provide all the needs that are lacking in the home where they were taken.
The Internet has combined elements of both mass and interpersonal communication.
The peculiar nature of the internet has led to an additional dimension in terms of use and entertainment strategy.
For example, information and socialisation have been suggested as important motivators for the use of the internet (James et al., 1995).
Personal well-being and continuous relationships were also identified as new aspects of motivation by Eighmey and McCord (1998) when they investigated the reaction of website visitors.
The use of video recording has led to important discoveries in the interpretation of small expressions, facial gestures lasting a few milliseconds.
In particular, it is claimed that one can detect when a person is lying by interpreting small expressions correctly.
Oliver Sacks, in his essay The President's Speech, described how people who could not understand the speech because of brain damage could still perceive sincerity accurately.
He even suggests that such a capacity to interpret human behavior may have been inherited by animals such as the canine subject.
Research in the 20th century has revealed that there are two sets of genetic variation: hidden and revealed.
Mutation adds new genetic variation, which selection removes from the population of the revealed variation.
Separation and recombination have caused the variation to recur between the two groups in each generation.
Outside the savannah, it is difficult for a primate with a digestive system like that of man to meet the requirements for amino acids from plant sources.
Moreover, failure to do so has serious consequences: stunted growth, malnutrition, and eventual death.
The easiest plant sources are proteins obtained from leaves and legumes, but these are difficult for primates like us to digest unless they are cooked.
In contrast, animal foods (turkeys, shrimp, eggs) are not only easily digested but also provide a high level of protein containing all the necessary amino acids.
All things considered, we should not be surprised if our ancestors solved their "protein problem" in the same long-term way that chimpanzees do today in the jungle.
Sleep deprivation is a process of deliberately waking up during your normal sleeping time and going to sleep only briefly (1060 minutes).
This can easily be done by using a seemingly silent alarm clock to alert you to the fact that you are not fully awake.
If you find yourself resetting the clock in your bedroom, it may be placed elsewhere in the room, forcing you to work to set it.
Other biorhythm-based options include drinking plenty of fluids (particularly water or tea, a well-known diuretic) before bedtime, forcing a person to urinate.
The amount of inner peace that a person has is the opposite of the amount of tension that a person has in his body and spirit.
The less tension, the more positive forces in life are at work. Every human has the potential to find greater peace of mind and contentment.
The only thing standing in the way of this goal is our own tension and negativity.
Tibetan Buddhism is based on the teachings of Buddha, but it is supplemented by the easy way of love and by the many techniques from Indian Yoga.
Tibetan Buddhism is very simple in principle. It includes Kundalini Yoga, meditation and the path of all-embracing love.
In Kundalini Yoga the Kundalini energy (energy of light) is stimulated through yoga postures, breathing exercises, mantras and visualizations.
Central to Tibetan meditation is the Yoga of the God. Through visualization of the various gods energy pathways are purified, chakras are activated and an awareness of light is created.
Germany was a common adversary in World War II, leading to cooperation between the USSR and the USA. After the war, the breakdown of systems, processes and cultures led to the collapse of nations.
Within two years of the end of the war, the former allies were pitted against each other and the Cold War began.
This would last for the next 40 years of actual combat, with replacement troops, in conflicts from Africa to Asia, in Afghanistan, Cuba and many other places.
By September 17, 1939, the Polish defences had collapsed, and the only hope was to retreat and regroup with a Romanian bridgehead.
However, these plans were thwarted overnight, when over 800,000 troops from the Soviet Union's Red Army entered and made the Belarusian and Ukrainian fronts the final frontier of the eastern regions of Poland in violation of the Riga Peace Treaty, the Soviet-Polish Non-Aggression Pact, and other international treaties, both bilateral and multilateral.
The use of cargo ships is now the most effective way to transport large amounts of people and goods across the oceans.
The traditional role of navies is to ensure that your country maintains the ability to move its people and goods, while at the same time, hampering the ability of your opponent to move his people and goods.
One of the most notable recent examples of this was the North Atlantic campaign of WWII. The Americans tried to transport men and materials across the Atlantic Ocean to aid Britain.
At the same time, the German navy, using U-boats, tried to stop this traffic.
Had the Allies failed, Britain might have been just as easily invaded by Germany as the rest of Europe.
Goats seem to have been first domesticated about 10,000 years ago in the Zagros Mountains of Iran.
Ancient cultures and tribes began to slaughter them for the rapid extraction of milk, hair, meat, and skins.
Domesticated goats were often kept in herds that roamed the hills or other pastures, often tended by young or younger shepherds, similar to the more well-known shepherds.
Wagons were built in England as early as the 16th Century.
Although the wagons were made of the same planks of wood, they allowed the horses to beat them to achieve faster speed and to haul larger loads against the somewhat more difficult road of the past.
Crossties were introduced earlier to cover local tracks, but it was gradually realized that tracks would be better if they had a steel part on top.
This became common, but the battle caused even more damage to the wooden wheels of the wagons.
In time, wooden wheels were replaced by iron ones, and in 1767, the first all-iron railway was introduced.
The first known form of transportation was walking, and humans began walking upright two million years ago with the emergence of Homo Erectus (i.e., upright man).
Their predecessors, the Australopithecus, could not walk upright in the traditional way.
Bipedal specializations are seen in Australopithecus fossils from 4.2-3.9 million years ago, although Sahelanthropus may have walked on two feet as early as seven million years ago.
We can start living environmentally friendly lives, we can contribute to environmental causes, and we can even become activists to alleviate future suffering in some areas.
However, if we do not want a temporary solution, we must find the root of the problems, and we must eliminate them.
It is abundantly clear that mankind's advances in science and technology have dramatically changed the world, and problems have been exacerbated by overpopulation and the extravagance of human life.
After the Congress passed it on July 4, a handwritten draft signed by Congress President John Hancock and Secretary Charles Thomson was sent a few blocks away to John Dunlap's printing shop.
Overnight between 150 and 200 copies were made, known today as "Dunlap broadsides".
The first public reading of the document was given by John Nixon in the courtyard of Independence Hall on July 8.
One was sent to George Washington on July 6, which was read to his troops in New York on July 9. A copy arrived in London on August 10.
The 25 Dunlap broadsides known to still exist are the oldest surviving copy of the document.
Many paleontologists today believe that a group of dinosaurs survived and are alive today.
Many people do not think of them as dinosaurs because they have feathers and can fly.
Yet, there are many things about birds that seem to be similar to those of dinosaurs.
They have splayed feet and claws, they are bent, and they walk with their two hind legs like a T-Rex.
Almost all computers in use today are based on manipulating information in the encoded form of binary numbers.
A binary number can have only one of two values, i.e., 0 or 1, and these numbers are designated as binary digits - or bits, to use computer jargon.
Symptoms, such as vomiting, should be so general that a quick diagnosis cannot be made.
The best indication of indoor poisoning may be the presence of an open container of medicine or toxic chemicals in the home.
Look up the label for specific instructions for that specific poison.
The term "mosquito" is used by entomologists in a formal sense for this group of insects.
This term is derived from the familiar Sudlot, insects that are well-known parasites on humans.
Both Assassin-bugs and Sudlot nidicolous, adapted to live in the host's nest or home.
Throughout the United States of America, there are an estimated 400,000 known cases of Multiple Sclerosis (MS), making it the most devastating neurological disease in younger and middle-aged adults.
MS is a disease that affects the central nervous system, which includes the brain, spinal cord, and optic nerve.
Researchers have found that women are twice as likely to develop MS as men.
A couple may decide that it is not in their best interests, or in the best interests of their children, to raise a child.
These couples may choose to make a plan for adopting their child.
In an adoption, the adoptive parents relinquish their parental rights so that another couple can become the child's parents.
The primary purpose of science is to understand the world in a scientific way, and this approach has actually guided much scientific research.
Not alone, however, is experimentation, and an experiment is a test used to rule out one or more possible hypotheses, ask questions, and make observations and still guides scientific research.
Naturalists and philosophers focused on the classical texts and, in particular, on the Latin Bible.
Aristotle's views have been adopted in all fields of science, including psychology.
As knowledge of Greek slowly declined, the West found itself detached from its philosophical and scientific roots.
Many observed rhythms in physiology and behavior are largely dependent on the existence of endogenous cycles and their production by biological clocks.
Periodic rhythms, which are not simply responses to external periodic cues, have been documented for most creatures, including bacteria, fungi, plants, and animals.
Biological clocks are self sustaining oscillators that will continue for the period of free-running cycling, even in the absence of external cues.
The Hershey and Chase experiment was one of the leading suggestions that DNA is genetic material.
Hershey and Chase use phages, or viruses, to insert their own DNA into a bacterium.
They conducted two experiments in which the DNA of the phage was labeled with radioactive phosphorus or the protein of the phage with radioactive sulfur.
Mutations can have a wide range of effects depending on the type of mutation, the importance of the piece of genetic material affected and whether the cells affected are germ-line cells.
Only mutations in germ-line cells can be passed on to children, while mutations elsewhere can cause cell-death or cancer.
Environmental tourism attracts people interested in visiting natural areas for the purpose of enjoying the sights, as well as the flora and wildlife.
Examples of on-site activities include hunting, fishing, photography, bird watching, and visiting parks and learning about ecosystems.
One example is to visit, photograph, and learn about the Bornean fauna.
Each morning, people leave the small town by car to go to their workplace, and some find that their work destination is the same place they left.
In this dynamic shuttle transportation, everything seems to be connected to, and supportive of, the transportation system based on private vehicles.
Science has now shown that the greatest economy of this carbon has stripped the biosphere of one of its most stable states that has supported human evolution for the past two million years.
All participated in society and used transportation systems. Almost all complained about transportation systems.
In developed lands you rarely hear similar levels of complaint about water quality or bridges that are crumbling.
Why do transportation systems cause such complaints, why do they fail daily? Are transportation engineers incompetent? Or did something happen before?
Traffic Geography is the study of the behavior of individual drivers and vehicles between two points and the interactions they make with each other.
Unfortunately, studying traffic patterns is difficult because the behavior of a driver cannot be predicted with a hundred percent certainty.
Fortunately, drivers tend to operate within a reasonably consistent range; therefore, traffic flow tends to have some reasonable similarities and can be represented mathematically.
To better represent traffic flow, relationships were established between three key parameters: (1) flow (2) density, and (3) speed.
These relationships help in the planning, design, and operation of street facilities.
The first animals to be airborne were insects, whose ability to fly enabled them to evade predators more quickly and to find food and mates more efficiently.
Insects often have the advantage of being able to fold their wings back over their bodies.
This gives them more room in a small area to hide from their predators.
In fact, the only insects that do not fold their wings are flies and dragonflies and mayflies.
Thousands of years ago, a man named Aristarchus suggested that the Solar System revolves around the Sun.
A few people believe that he is right but many people believe the opposite; that the Solar System revolves around the Earth, along with the Sun (and eventually other stars).
This is understandable, since the Earth does not appear to move, does it?
The Amazon River is the second longest and largest river on Earth, carrying more than 8 times the amount of water as the second largest river.
The Amazon is still the widest river on Earth, sometimes reaching six miles [6.4 km] wide.
A full 20 percent of the water that flows from the planet's rivers to the oceans comes from the Amazon.
The Amazon River's largest tributary, the Amazon, is 6,387 kilometers (3,980 miles) long, and it collects water from thousands of smaller streams.
Although stone pyramid building continued until the end of the Old Kingdom, the Giza pyramids were never surpassed in size and technical perfection.
The New Kingdom of ancient Egypt was distinguished by its earlier monuments, some of which were over a thousand years older.
With a population of about 800, Vatican City is the world's smallest independent state and the least densely populated country.
Vatican City uses Italian in its legal and official communications.
Italian remained the everyday language of most civil servants while Latin was the common language of religious ceremonies.
Vatican City is all Roman Catholic.
Humans have known about the basic chemical elements, such as gold, silver, and copper, since ancient times, for they are all found in nature in native forms and are relatively easy to mine with ancient tools.
The Greek philosopher Aristotle theorized that everything was made up of a combination of one or more of four elements - earth, water, air, and fire.
This is more like the four states of matter (in the same order): solid, liquid, gas, and plasma, although he still theorized that these transform into new substances to form what we see.
Alloys are usually mixtures of two or more metals.
Elements such as calcium and potassium are considered metals, and there are metals such as silver and gold.
You can still make alloys that include small amounts of nonmetallic elements such as carbon.
Everything in the universe is made of matter, and everything is made of tiny particles called atoms.
Atoms are so small that a trillion of them could fit on the dot at the end of this sentence.
Thus, the pencil is a good companion for many people when it comes out.
Sadly, as new writing techniques developed, the pencil was moved to a shorter form and function.
People now type messages on a computer screen, without having to stand near a computer screen.
One can only wonder what the keyboard would be like if something newer came along.
The fission bomb works on the principle that energy is needed to collapse a nucleus containing many protons and neutrons.
Some of that energy is released by the nucleus as it splits again, as if it were being pushed by a chariot up a hill.
Some atoms have a weak nucleus that means they can easily be destroyed with little or no pressure.
The surface of the Moon is made of rocks and dust, and the outer layer of the Moon is called the crust.
The crust is about 70 km thick at the nearest point and 100 km thick at the farthest point.
It is thinner under the marshes and thicker under the mountains.
The lower crust may have a more dense magma layer nearby, which allows the lava to rise more easily.
Content theories focus on finding out what will attract people or what will draw them in.
These theories suggest that people have needs and/ or desires that are acted upon as they age or mature.
These theories reveal about certain people what motivates them to like the things they do and what factors in their environment influence them to do or not to do certain things.
Two popular theories are Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs Theory and Hertzberg's Two Factor Theory.
In the overall story, both sides may emerge as managers begin to put their former colleagues first. One end of the spectrum is trying to remain "one of the men" (or women).
This type of manager has difficulty making unpopular decisions, taking disciplinary action, evaluating performance, delegating responsibility, and managing people.
At the other end of the spectrum, one may be an anonymous individual who feels that he has to change everything the group does and do it on their own.
After all, the leader is ultimately responsible for the success and failure of the group.
This behavior often results in misunderstandings between the leaders and the rest of the group.
Virtual teams are held to the same standards of excellence as conventional teams, but with slight differences.
Members of the virtual team often serve as the point of contact for their fast-moving physical group.
They often have more autonomy than regular team members because their team may be assembled according to different time zones that may not be understood by their local administrator.
The existence of a real "invisible team" (Larson and LaFasto 1989, p109) is also a distinct feature of a virtual team.
The "invisible team" is the management group to which each of the members reports. The invisible team sets standards for each member.
Why would an organization want to go through the time-consuming process of setting up a study organization?
When all available resources are effectively used in an organization's entire productive department, creativity and innovation can be realized.
As a result, an organization's process of working together to overcome a challenge may lead to a newly developed process to meet customer needs.
Before an organization can be innovative, leadership must create a culture of innovation as well as the sharing of knowledge and expertise within the organization.
Angel (2006) defines the Continuum approach as a methodology used to help organizations achieve higher levels of performance.
Neurobiological data provide physical evidence for a theoretical approach to investigating cognition, thus reducing the area of research and making it more precise.
The link between brain pathology and behavior supports scientists in their research.
It has long been known that various types of brain damage, trauma, lesions, and tumors affect behavior and cause changes in certain mental functions.
Advances in technology have allowed us to see and examine structures and processes of the brain that were previously unknown.
This gives us a wealth of information to build simulation models that can help us understand the processes of our minds.
Although AI has strong science fiction connotations, AI constitutes one of the most important branches of computer science, involving behavioral, cognitive and intelligent adaptation to a machine.
Research into AI includes building machines to automate tasks that require intelligent behavior.
Examples include control, planning and scheduling, the ability to respond to client diagnoses and questions, as well as handwriting, voice and facial recognition.
Such things have become separate disciplines, focused on providing solutions to real-life problems.
AI systems are now commonly used in the fields of economics, medicine, engineering and the military, as represented in some home computer and video game software applications.
Field trips are a big part of any classroom. Often a teacher wants to take his students to places where a bus ride is not an option.
Technology provides a solution to virtual field trips, where students can view museum artifacts, visit an aquarium, or admire fine art while sitting with their class.
Sharing a virtual field trip is also a good way to present a trip and experiences to future classes.
For example, each year students from Bennet School in North Carolina design a website about their trip to the State Capital, each year the location of the website is changed, but older versions are kept online to serve as a scrapbook.
Blogs also help to improve student writing.While students often start their blogging experience with sloppy grammar and spelling, the presence of a general audience changes it.
Since students are often the most critical audience, the blogger began to work on improving her writing to avoid criticism.
Blogging also "forces students to be more aware of the world around them". The need to provide an audience with interest inspires students to be intelligent and interesting (Toto, 2004).
Blogging is a tool that inspires collaboration, and it encourages students to extend their learning beyond the traditional school day.
Proper use of blogs "can empower students to be more analytical and critical; by actively responding to online materials, students can interpret their positions in the context of the writings of others as well as outline their own views on particular issues (Oravec, 2002).
Ottawa is Canada's beautiful, bilingual capital and has numerous art galleries and museums that showcase Canada's past and present.
Farther south and north of Niagara Falls is home to the untouched natural beauty of Muskoka and beyond.
All these things and more define Ontario as what outsiders consider to be true Canadian.
The vast northern areas are sparsely populated and some are almost uninhabited forest.
For a population comparison that surprises many: More African Americans live in the United States than in Canada.
The East African Islands are located in the Indian Ocean off the east coast of Africa.
Madagascar is the largest, and a continent in itself when it comes to wildlife.
Most of the smaller islands are independent countries, or are part of France, and are known as luxury beach resorts.
The Arabs also brought Islam to the mainland, and it was absorbed in a large way in the Comoros and Mayotte.
European influence and colonialism began in the 15th century, when Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama discovered the Cape Route from Europe to India.
The region is bounded on the north by the Sahel, and on the south and west by the Atlantic Ocean.
For women: It is recommended that any women traveling should state that they are married, regardless of their actual marital status.
It may also help to wear a ring (not just a very expensive one.
Women need to realize that cultural differences can result in what they consider harassment and unusual behavior, arm-wrestling, and so forth.
Be firm in your approach to men, and don't be afraid to stand up (cultural differences or not, it's not going to be okay!).
The modern city of Casablanca was founded by Berber fishermen in the 10th century BCE, and was used by the Phoenicians, Romans, and Merenids as a strategic port called Anfa.
It was demolished by the Portuguese and rebuilt under the name Casa Branca, only to be abandoned after the earthquake of 1755.
The Moroccan sultan rebuilt the city as Daru I-Badya and gave it the name Casablanca by the Spanish merchants who established trading bases there.
Casablanca is one of the least interesting places to exchange in all of Morocco.
Around the ancient Medina it is easier to find places selling traditional Moroccan goods, such as crockery, pottery, leather goods, hookahs, and the full spectrum of geegaw, but all of these are for tourists.
A tourist city is Goma in the Democratic Republic of Congo at the easternmost point of Rwanda.
In 2002 Goma was devastated by lava from the Nyiragongo volcano that covered much of the city's streets, especially the city center.
While Goma is still a safe area, any visits outside Goma must be explored to understand the state of the ongoing fighting in North Kivu province.
The city is also a base for climbing the Nyiragongo volcano along with some of the most expensive Mountain Gorilla tracking in Africa.
You can use a boda-boda (motorcycle taxi) to get around Goma. The normal (local) price is ~500 Congolese Francs for a short trip.
Along with its relative inaccessibility, "Timbukti" has been used as a metaphor for the strange, distant landscape.
Today, Timbuktu is a struggling town, though its reputation has made it a tourist attraction, and it has an airport.
In 1990 it was added to the list of world heritage sites in danger, because of the threats posed by the desert sands.
This was one of the leading stops during the Henry Louis Gates special Wonders of the African World on PBS.
The city stands in stark contrast to other cities in the country, for it has more Arab than African knowledge.
Kruger National Park (KNP) is in the northeast of South Africa and lies along the northern border of Mozambique, with the northern border being the Crocodile River.
The park covers 19,500 km2 and is divided into 14 distinct ecozones, each supporting a variety of wildlife.
It is a major attraction in South Africa and is considered the flagship of the South African National Parks (SANParks).
As with all South African National Parks, there is a daily conservation and entrance fee for the park.
It may also be useful for one to purchase a Wild Card, which grants entry to any of South Africa's selection of parks or to all of the South African National Parks.
Hong Kong Island gives the territory of Hong Kong its name and the place that tourists regard as the main attraction.
The parade of buildings that make up the Hong Kong skyline has been likened to a sharp bar chart that is seen through the presence of the waters of Victoria Harbour.
To see the best of Hong Kong, leave the island and go to the Kowloon waterfront across the street.
The prosperous province of Hong Kong Island is a narrow strip of reclaimed land along the northern coast.
This is the area that the British colonists took as their own and if you are looking for evidence of colonial past of the territory, this is a good place to start.
The Sundarbans is the largest coastal mountain range in the world, stretching 80 km (50 mi) into the Bangladeshi and Indian hinterland from the coast.
The Sundarbans have been declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site, and the forest region within India's borders is called the Sundarbans National Park.
Yet the forests are not just a mountain range  they include some of the last remnants standing of the great forests that once occupied the Gangetic plain.
The Sundarbands cover an area of 3,850 km2, of which about one-third is covered by water/damaged areas.
Since 1966 the Sundarbans have been a wildlife sanctuary, and it is estimated that there are now 400 Royal Bengal tigers and some 30,000 wild boars in the area.
Buses leave from the inter-district bus station (across the river) throughout the day, though they are crowded, especially those going east and the Jakar/Bumthang depart between 06:30 and 07:30.
Since inter-district buses are usually crowded, it is advisable to buy a ticket several days in advance.
Most districts are served by small, comfortable, and durable Japanese Coaster Buses.
Shared taxis are a quick and comfortable way to travel to nearby areas, such as Paro (No. 150) and Punakha (No. 200).
The Oyapock River Bridge is a cable-stayed bridge that spans the Oyapock River to connect the cities of Oiapoque in Brazil and Saint-Georges de I'Oyapock in French Guiana.
The twin towers rise to a height of 272 feet (83 m), are 1,900 feet (378 m) long and have two lanes that are 12 feet (3.50 m) wide.
The bridge has a vertical clearance of 15 meters underneath the bridge. Completed in August 2011, it was not opened to traffic until March 2017.
The bridge is scheduled to be fully operational by September 2017, when it is expected to be cleared of Brazilian customs checkpoints.
The Guarani are the most important indigenous group living in Eastern Paraguay today, living as semi-nomadic nomads who are still trained to make a living in agriculture.
The Chaco region is home to other indigenous tribal groups such as the Guaycurú and Payaguá, who have survived by conquest, gathering and fishing.
In the 16th century, Paraguay, originally called "The Giant Province of the Indies", was born as a result of the Spanish conquistadors' encounter with indigenous groups.
The Spanish began a period of conquest that lasted three centuries.
Since the founding of Asunción in 1537, Paraguay has preserved many of its indigenous customs and identity.
Argentina is known for having one of the most aggressive polo teams and players in the world.
The biggest tournament of the year took place in December on the polo fields of Las Cañitas.
Smaller tournaments and contests can still be seen here at other times of the year.
For news of the tournaments and where to buy tickets for polo matches, see Asociación Argentina de Polo.
The official currency of the Falklands is the Falklands pound (FKP) with a fixed value equal to one British pound (GBP).
Money can be exchanged at the only bank on the islands located in Stanley across from the FIC West store.
British pounds are generally accepted throughout the islands and on Stanley credit cards and U.S. dollars are also generally accepted.
In remote islands credit cards may not be accepted, even though British and U.S. currency is acceptable; ask the owners in advance to find out what payment methods are accepted.
It is almost impossible to exchange the Falklands' currency outside the islands, so the currency must be exchanged before leaving the islands.
Because Montevideo is south of the Equator, it is summer in the Northern Hemisphere and winter in the Southern Hemisphere.
Montevideo is in the subtropics; during the summer months, it is common for temperatures to rise above +30°C.
The cold can be deceptively cold: temperatures rarely fall below freezing, but air and moisture combine to make it colder than the thermometer says.
There are no specific "wet" and "dry" seasons: the amount of rainfall remains about the same throughout the year.
While many of the animals in the park have become accustomed to seeing humans, wildlife is still wild and should not be eaten or tampered with.
According to park officials, keep a distance of at least 100 yards [100 yards] from bears or wolves and 25 yards [25 yards] from all other wildlife!
No matter how friendly they may appear, bison, elk, moose, bears, and almost any other large animal can be a threat.
Each year, dozens of visitors are injured because they do not keep a proper distance. These animals are big, wild, and potentially dangerous, so give them their space.
In addition, it is known that odors attract bears and other wildlife, so avoid bringing or cooking smelly food and keep a clean camp.
Apia is the capital of Samoa. The town is located on the island of Upolu and has a population of just under 40,000.
Apia was founded in the 1850s and has been the official capital of Samoa since 1959.
The harbor was the site of a famous naval standoff in 1889 when seven ships from Germany, the US, and Britain refused to leave the harbor.
All but one British cruiser was sunk, and nearly 200 Americans and Germans were killed.
During the freedom struggle organized by the Mau movement, a peaceful town meeting resulted in the assassination of the most important leader, Tupua Tamasese Lealofi III.
Auckland has many beaches, the most famous of which is located in the triangle.
The North Shore coast (in the North Habour district) is on the Pacific Ocean and stretches from Long Bay in the north to Devonport in the south.
The sandy beach is almost empty, safe for swimming, and there is plenty of shade from the shade trees.
Tamaki Drive beaches are located in Waitemata Harbour, just above the market towns of Mission Bay and St Heliers in Central Auckland.
This is a family-friendly beach with many shops lined up on the beach.
The leading local beer is 'Number One', a simple beer, but delicious and refreshing.
Many French wines are drinkable, but New Zealand and Australian wines are more suitable for travel.
Local tap water is perfectly safe to drink, but bottled water is readily available only when you are nervous.
To Australians, the concept of 'flat white' coffee is foreign - espresso is short black, cappuccino is full of cream (without froth), and tea is served without milk.
The hot chocolate is based on Belgian standards. The fruit juices are expensive but very tasty.
Many trips to the dumps are made throughout the year, and damage from any dump causes is rare.
Still, seek advice from the authorities, follow all the signs, and pay attention to rescue reminders.
The box jellyfish shows up near the shores and along the river estuaries from October to April in the north of 1770.
Sharks do exist, but they rarely attack humans, and most of them are afraid of humans and swim farther away.
The Saltwater Crocodile is not an active marine, its main habitat being the river estuaries north of Rockhampton.
Booking in advance gives the traveler peace of mind that they will have a place to board when they arrive at their destination.
Travel agents usually have deals on specific hotels, although you may find it possible to book other types of accommodations, such as camping sites, through a travel agent.
Travel agents often offer packages that include breakfast, transportation arrangements to/from the airport or even a combined flight and hotel package.
They may also hold the reservation for you if you need time to consider the offer or to obtain other documents for your destination (for example, a visa).
Any changes or requests should be made through the travel agent first and not directly to the hotel.
For some festivals, most music festival attendees decide to camp on site, and most attendees consider this an important part of the experience.
If you want to be close to the action you should arrive early to get a campsite close to the music.
Note that even after the music in the main parts has ended, some parts of the festival may have been extended to midnight.
Some festivals have a special camping area for families with young children.
If crossing the Northern Baltic in winter, beware of the location of the cabin, as crossing the ice will cause a terrible noise for those most affected.
Saint Petersburg cruises include city time. Cruise passengers are exempt from visa requirements (see terms).
Casinos often go to great lengths to maximize the time and money spent by visitors.
They often have special food, drinks, and entertainment, to keep the guests happy, and to keep them in the area.
Likewise, drunkenness impairs judgment, and all good gamblers know the importance of remaining sober.
Anyone driving at high latitudes or over mountain roads must take into account the possibility of snow, ice, or freezing temperatures.
On icy and snowy roads, friction is low and you cannot drive as smoothly as on asphalt.
During a blizzard, the right amount of snow to keep you warm may fall in a matter of hours.
Visibility may also be limited by falling or blown snow or by condensation or ice on car windows.
On the other hand, icy conditions are normal in many countries, and traffic runs almost uninterrupted throughout the year.
Safaris are perhaps Africa's greatest tourist attraction and a highlight for many visitors.
The term safari in popular usage refers to a journey by land to see the fascinating wildlife of Africa, especially on the savannah.
Some animals, such as elephants and giraffes, tend to move close to cars and standard equipment would allow good visibility.
Lions, cheetahs, and leopards are sometimes shy and are best seen through binoculars.
A walking safari (also called a "bush walk", "hiking safari", or going "footing") consists of a hike, which can be done over a period of hours or days.
The Paralympics will take place from August 24 to September 5, 2021. Some events will be held in other locations throughout Japan.
Tokyo will be the only Asian city to host two Summer Olympics, hosting the 1964 games.
If you booked your 2020 flights before the postponement was announced, you may have a tricky situation.
Cancellation policies vary, but as of late March, most coronavirus-based cancellation policies did not come into effect until July 2020, when the Olympics were scheduled to take place.
It is expected that most tickets for the event will cost between ¥2,500 and ¥130,000, with typical tickets costing around ¥7,000.
Many hotels have a washing machine and ironing board that can be used for ironing, even when no one is present in the room.
If you do not have a plantain, or if you do not want to wear a flat-toed stocking, you might try using a hairdryer, if available.
Be careful not to let the fabric become too hot (which can cause burns, or in extreme cases, heat).
There are a variety of methods of purifying water, some more effective against particular threats.
In some places, a one-minute shower is appropriate, in others several minutes are needed.
The effects of filters vary, and if you have concerns, then you should consider buying your water in a sealed bottle from a reputable company.
Travelers may encounter animal pests that are unfamiliar to their home regions.
Pests can damage food, cause irritation, or in worse cases cause allergic reactions, spread toxins, or cause infections.
Infectious diseases themselves, or dangerous animals that can disfigure or violently kill a person, do not usually qualify as pests.
Duty free shopping is the opportunity to buy goods without taxes and excise at certain specific locations.
Travelers to countries with high taxes can sometimes save a considerable amount of money, especially on such products as alcoholic beverages and tobacco.
The distance between Point Marion and Fairmont presents the most difficult driving conditions on the Buffalo-Pittsburgh Highway, which often passes through isolated backwoods terrain.
If you are not used to driving on country roads, keep your wits about you: Steep steps, winding roads, and steep curves remain.
The posted speed limits are noticeably shorter against the front and rear sections -- usually 35-40 mph (56-64 km/h) -- and strict adherence to these is more important against anything.
Surprisingly, though, mobile phone service is stronger here than on many other scenic routes, such as the Pennsylvania Wilds.
German pastries are somewhat spicy, and in Bavaria, they are somewhat plentiful and varied, like their neighbor to the south, Austria.
Fruit pastries are common, with apples baked on the pastries throughout the year, and cherries and plums on display during the summer.
Many German baked goods still offer almonds, hazelnuts, and other tree nuts. The popular cakes are often paired well with a cup of strong coffee.
If you want a small but tasty pastry, try the Berliner, Pfannkuchen, or Krapfen, depending on the region.
Curry is a dish based on vegetables and spices, accompanied by any meat or vegetable.
Curry can be "dry" or "dry" depending on the amount of liquid.
In the eastern regions of India and Pakistan, yogurt is the common ingredient in curries; in Southern India and some other coastal regions of the subcontinent, coconut milk is the common ingredient.
With 17,000 islands to choose from, Indonesian cuisine is a broad term that covers the wide variety of regional delicacies found throughout the country.
However, when used without additional qualification, the term tends to mean that the food originally came from the central and eastern part of the main island of Java.
Now commonly used throughout the archipelago, the Javanese language features simple spiced dishes, the earliest condiments known to the Javanese being peanuts, bananas, sugar, (especially Javanese coconut sugar) and a variety of spices.
The supports were the footrests for the rider who was either under or alongside the saddle.
They provide extra stability for the rider but may raise safety concerns because of the potential for the riders' feet to get caught in them.
If a rider were to fall off a horse but one foot was caught in the stirrup, they could be dragged if the horse ran any farther.
First, most riders wear riding boots with a tapered and soft, relatively short heel.
Next, some saddles, particularly English ones, have safety bars that give way to a leather strap that can fall off the saddle if it is pushed back by a falling boat.
Cochamó Valley - the premier climbing destination in Chile, known as the Yosemite of South America, with its varied granite of great walls and cliffs.
Summits include breathtaking views from high up. Reporters from all over the world continue to forge new routes through the endless potential of walls.
Downhill snow sports, which include skiing and snowboarding, are popular sports that involve sliding down snow-covered terrain with skis or snowboards on your feet.
Skiing is a major travel activity with many people leaning, occasionally known as "ski bums", planning the entire vacation around skiing at a particular location.
The idea of skiing is very old -- cave paintings depicting skiers date back to as early as 5000 BC!
Downhill skiing as a sport goes back at least to the 17th century, and in 1861 the first recreational ski club was opened by Norwegians in Australia.
Backpacking by skiing: This activity is also called backcountry skiing, ski touring or ski hiking.
Related but usually not related to alpine style ski touring or mountaineering, the latter is done on steep terrain and requires more rugged skis and boots.
Think of a skiing route as a parallel to a hiking route.
In good conditions, you can cover a greater distance than by walking - but it is rare to get the speed of cross-country skiing with a light backpack on good roads.
Europe is a relatively small continent but is home to many independent nations. Under normal circumstances, traveling to many countries means that you have to go through many visa applications and passport controls many times.
The Schengen zone, however, seems to be a country in its own right.
As long as you live in this zone, you can generally cross borders without going through passport control checkpoints again.
Similarly, with a Schengen visa, you no longer have to apply for a visa in each of the Schengen member countries separately, thus saving time, money, and paperwork.
There is no universal definition of the age of the artifacts. Some tax agencies refer to items older than 100 years as antiques.
The explanation has geographical variations, where the age limit may be shorter in places such as North America versus Europe.
Handicraft products are designated as antiques, even though they are younger than similar products made by the majority of merchants.
Reindeer herding is an important livelihood for the Sámi and the culture surrounding the trade is also important for many other professions.
Although traditionally, too, not all Sámi are involved in large numbers of reindeer husbandry, but live off fishing, hunting and the like, the reindeer are usually kept as working animals.
Today many Sámi work in modern industries. Tourism is a major source of income in Sápmi, the Sámi homeland.
Although this is common usage, especially among non-Romani people, the word "Gypsy" is often considered offensive because of its associations with negative stereotypes and misperceptions of the Romani people.
If the country you are visiting is under a travel advisory, your travel health insurance or your travel cancellation insurance may be affected.
You can still ask for advice from governments other than yourself, but their advice is designed for their citizens.
As an example, American citizens in the Middle East may face a different set of circumstances from Europeans or Arabs.
The announcements are a brief summary of the political situation in a country.
The views presented are often brief, comprehensive and oversimplified compared with more detailed information elsewhere.
Inclement weather is a general term for any dangerous weather event that has the potential to cause distress, serious human disruption, or loss of human life.
Bad weather can occur in any part of the world, and it can take many forms, depending on geography, topography, and atmospheric conditions.
Storms, hailstorms, heavy rains, and wildfires are forms and effects of severe weather, as are thunderstorms, hurricanes, and floods, and storms.
Regional and seasonal extreme weather events include blizzards, snowstorms, ice storms, and dust storms.
Travelers are strongly advised to be aware of any weather hazards that affect their area because they can affect any travel plans.
Anyone planning to visit a country that could be considered a war zone would need to undergo some professional training.
An Internet search for 'Hostile environment course' may yield the address of a local company.
A course usually covers all the issues discussed in greater detail, often with practical experience.
A course usually lasts from 2-5 days and includes role-playing, a lot of first aid and sometimes weapons training.
Books and magazines dealing with forest survival are commonplace, but there are few publications dealing with war zones.
Travelers planning to undergo sex reassignment surgery in another country should make sure that they carry a valid document for the return trip.
Allowing governments to issue passports without the gender (X) or documents updated to match the desired name and gender varies.
The willingness of foreign governments to honor these documents is changing.
Searches at security checkpoints became more time-consuming after September 11, 2001.
Preoperative transgender people should not expect to pass through scanners without losing their privacy and dignity.
A rip current is the backflow of water from waves that have washed onto the shore, including a dam or similar structure.
Because of the underwater topology, the return current is at some depth, and the fast current to the seabed may be entirely there.
Many deaths occur as a result of the exhaustion of trying to swim back upstream, which may be impossible.
Once you are out of the water, swimming back is no more difficult than it should be.
Try to aim for a place where you cannot be caught again or, depending on your ability and if you are spotted, you may want to wait for rescue.
Delays in reentry come earlier than in the traditional settlement (there is less honeymoon time), are longer, and can be more severe.
Travelers who quickly adapt to a new culture sometimes find it particularly difficult to readjust to their native culture.
When you return home after living in another country, you are adjusting to a new culture and losing some of your familiarity with your native culture.
When you first visit a foreign country, people may be more tolerant and understanding, knowing that travelers in a new country will have to adjust.
People may not expect that patience and understanding are still needed for travelers to return home.
The pyramid sound and light show is one of the most popular attractions in the children's area.
You can see the pyramids in the dark and can look at them in solitude before the parade begins.
The sounds and lighting are like a storybook, and the people who live there are like a family.
The Sphinx is set as a backdrop and the narrator of a long story.
Scenes are shown on the pyramids and the various pyramids are shown in broadcast.
The South Shetland Islands, discovered in 1819, are claimed by several countries and have the largest number of bases, with sixteen active as of 2020.
The archipelago is located 120 km north of the Peninsula, the largest of which is King George Island with the Villa Las Estrellas.
Others include Livingston Island, and Deception where the dried caldera of an active volcano provides a beautiful natural harbor.
The island of Ellsworth Land is in the southern region of the Peninsula, bounded by the sea of Bellingshausen.
The mountains of this Peninsula join the plain, and they join again to form the 360-kilometer-long (320 mi) ring of Ellsworth Mountains, bisected by the Minnesota Glacier.
The northern part or the Sentinel Range is the highest mountain range in Antarctica, and the Vinson Massif rises to an elevation of 15,920 feet (4,892 m) on Mount Vinson.
In remote areas where there is no cell phone coverage, a satellite phone is your only option.
A satellite phone is usually not a replacement for a mobile phone, since you must be outside with a clear line of sight to the satellite to make a call.
The service is often used on ships, including pleasure craft, as well as on expeditions with remote data and voice requirements.
Your local telephone service provider should be able to provide additional information about connecting to this service.
An increasingly popular option for gap-year planners is to travel and learn.
This is especially popular among school leavers, who are allowed to take a year off before attending university, without compromising their education.
In many cases, enrolling in a gap-year course abroad can actually improve the chances of moving on to higher education when you return to your home country.
Many countries charge tuition to enroll in such educational programs.
Finland is a good destination for this cooking. The Land of a Thousand Lakes also has a thousand islands, both in the lakes and on the shores of the archipelago.
On those islands and lakes you do not need a yacht.
Even the shores of the archipelago and the largest lake that even a yacht can fit in, small boats or kayaks offer a different experience.
In Finland's national park, a ferret is born to every seventh or eighth person.
It is shared by Norway, Sweden and New Zealand, but if it is not also unique (e.g. in the Netherlands the number one out of forty.
Most unique Baltic Cruises feature extended stays in St. Petersburg, Russia.
This meant that you could visit the historic city for several full days while returning and sleeping on the ship at night.
If you only go to the beach by boat on excursions you do not need a separate visa (as of 2009).
Some cruises feature Berlin, Germany, in their brochures. As you can see from the map above, Berlin is far from the sea and a visit to the city is not included in the price of the cruise.
Air travel can be intimidating for some people of all ages and backgrounds, especially those who have never flown before or who have experienced a frightening experience.
This is no cause for shame: it is no different from the personal fears and aversions of many people.
For some, an understanding of how an airplane works and what happens during flight helps to overcome the fear based on uncertainty or loss of control.
Courier companies are well paid for the speedy delivery of goods. In villages, that time is crucial for documents belonging to businesses, shops or spare parts for urgent repairs.
On some routes, the larger companies have their own planes, but for other routes and smaller companies there is a problem.
When shipped by air, on some routes it may take several days to clear unloading and customs.
The only way to get through quickly is to send it as checked baggage. Airline regulations prohibit carrying cargo without a passenger, where it is already on board.
The obvious way to fly first or business class is to pay a hefty sum of money for a privilege (or better yet, have your company do it for you).
Still, it is not cheap: in principle, you can expect to pay up to four times the normal economy fare for business, and eleven times for first class!
Generally speaking, there is no point in seeking business or first-class discounts on direct flights from A to B.
Airlines are well aware that they have a secure group of passengers who are willing to pay a dollar for the privilege of getting anywhere comfortably and quickly, and they are treated fairly.
The capital of Moldova is Chişinău, and the local language is Romanian, but Russian is widely spoken.
Moldova is a multiethnic republic that has suffered from tribal strife.
In 1994, this conflict led to the creation of the self-proclaimed Transnistrian Republic in the eastern part of Moldova, which has its own government and currency but is not recognized by any UN member state.
Economic connections have been reestablished between the two parts of Moldova despite the failures of political negotiations.
The dominant religion in Moldova is Orthodox Christianity.
İzmir is Turkey's third-largest city with a population of some 3.7 million, the second-largest port after Istanbul, and a well-developed transportation hub.
The former ancient city of Smyrna is now a modern, prosperous, and busy commercial center, surrounded by a vast sea and surrounded by mountains.
The wide boulevards, glass-fronted structures and modern shopping centers are lined with traditional red tiles, the 18th-century marketplace, and ancient mosques and churches, though the city has an atmosphere that is more Mediterranean European than traditional Turkish.
The village of Haldarsvík offers a view of the nearby island of Eysturoy and has a unique octagonal church.
In the churchyard, there are interesting marble sculptures of doves that overhang some graves.
It took about half an hour to tour the intriguing village.
To the north and nearby is the romantic and picturesque town of Sintra, made famous by foreigners after Lord Byron's stirring account of their pride.
The Scotturb Bus 403 regularly travels to Sintra, which is located in Cabo da Roca.
Further north visit the large Shrine of Our Lady of Fatima, a site of the world-famous Marian apparitions.
Please remember that what you are visiting is a mass grave, as well as a place that has almost unlimited meaning to a large part of the world's population.
There are just as many men and women alive today who survived their time here, and many more who had loved ones who died or worked their way to death there, both Jews and non-Jews.
Please treat this place with all the dignity, solemnity and respect it deserves. Do not make fun of the Holocaust or the Nazis.
Avoid such things as marking or writing graffiti on structures.
The official languages of Barcelona are Catalan and Spanish. About half prefer to speak Catalan, a large majority understand it, and almost everyone speaks Spanish.
However, most of the posters were written in Catalan, which is the first official language by law.
Nevertheless, Spanish is still widely used in public transportation and other facilities.
Regular announcements in the Metro are made only in Catalan, but in unplanned stops the automated system announces in many languages including Spanish, English, French, Arabic and Japanese.
The Pharisees were known for being proud, unprincipled, and arrogant.
While this is a misguided stereotype, the best way to get along in Paris is to adopt a good attitude, to act like a "bien élevé" (well-bred).
The suddenness of the Pharisees' mannerisms can only be quickly dispelled by showing a certain amount of popularity.
The Plitvice Lakes national park is heavily forested, with areas of beech, spruce, and fir trees, and features a mixture of Alpine and Mediterranean flora.
Significantly, they have a wide variety of plant communities, with its array of microclimates, variations in soils and varying levels of elevation.
The area is still home to a wide variety of animals and birds.
Rare animals such as the European brown bear, wolf, eagle, buffalo, lynx, wild boar and capercaillie are found there, along with many more common species
While visiting monasteries, women were required to wear a skirt that covered the knees and also covered the shoulders.
Most monasteries provide veils for women who are unprepared, but if you bring your own, especially if the color is bright, you will receive a smile from the monks or nuns at the entrance.
In a similar vein, men had to wear a scarf that covered their knees.
They may still be worn at the entrance but they are also not washed after use, so you may not feel comfortable wearing them.
Majorcan cuisine, like that of Mediterranean areas, is based on bread, vegetables, and meat (especially pork), and uses olive oil in its entirety.
A simple and popular meal, especially in summer, is the Pa amb Oli: bread with olive oil, tomatoes, and anything with spices such as cheese, ground fish, and so forth.
All nouns, including the word Sie for you, always begin with a capital letter, even in the middle of a sentence.
This is an important way to distinguish between certain verbs and objects.
This also makes reading easier, even if writing is more complicated because you have to discern whether a verb or an adjective is used in a certain way.
Salve is often easy in Italian because vernacular words are as much salvation as they are written
The first letters to watch out for are c and g, since their pronunciation varies with the vowel that follows.
And, of course, make sure that you also distinguish between r and rr: caro means dear, where a carro also means cart.
Persian generally has a simple, regular grammar.
Thus, reading this standard grammar will surely help you to learn much about Persian grammar and to understand proverbs better.
After all, if you had a basic knowledge of a Romance language, it would be easier for you to learn Portuguese.
However, for those who know even a little Spanish, it is easy to conclude that Portuguese is just the same without having to learn it separately.
Pre-modern observatories are now mostly abandoned, and they remain as museums, or educational centers.
While light pollution in their heyday was not as much of a problem as it is today, rural areas where they could be found in cities or on campuses, were more accessible than those made in modern times.
Modern research telescopes are equipped with large facilities in open areas with good atmospheric conditions.
The sight of cherry blossoms, known as hanami, has been part of Japanese culture since the eighth century.
The concept originated in China where plum blossoms were the chosen flower.
In Japan, the first cherry blossom parties were initiated by the emperor for himself and other members of the aristocracy around the Imperial Court.
Plants are good to look at in their natural environment, so resist attempts to remove even "a single" specimen.
If you have visited formal gardens, taking "specimens" is the only way to get out, without discussion.
Singapore is generally a very safe place and very easy to navigate, and you can buy almost anything after you land there.
But being in the "high tropics" just a few degrees above the equator means you have to deal with both the heat (firm) and the bitter cold (when the sky is clear, but only mild).
Several buses still travel north to Hebron, the traditional burial place of Bible patriarchs such as Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, and their wives.
Note that the bus you are thinking of taking will go to Hebron and not just to the nearby Jewish settlement of Kirjath-arba.
The entrance waterways are a good theme to base an environmental festival on.
For example, visiting castles in the Loire Valley, the Rhine valley, or taking a cruise to fascinating cities on the Danube or a ferry to the Erie Canal.
They also provide routes for popular hiking and cycling trails.
Christmas is one of the most important holidays in Christianity, and it commemorates the birth of Jesus.
The complexity of the traditions surrounding the holiday is accepted by nonbelievers in Christian lands and by non-Christians worldwide.
It was the custom to stay outdoors on the night before Easter to watch the sunrise.
There are of course Christian theological explanations for this tradition, but it may also be a pre-Christian Spring and Fertility ritual.
Many traditional churches are the ones that hold the Saturday evening Easter Vigil during the Easter weekend, with local congregations directed to the midnight vigil to commemorate Christ's resurrection.
All the animals that originally fled the island arrived here without even having to swim, fly, or jump.
The great distance from the mainland prevented mammals from traveling, which enabled the giant tortoise to become the principal herbivore on the Galapagos.
Since the arrival of man on the Galapagos, many mammals have been introduced, including goats, horses, cattle, ducks, turkeys, and dogs.
A winter visit to the Arctic or Antarctic regions can bring you the experience of the polar night, when the sun does not shine in the northern sky.
This provides a good opportunity to see the Aurora borealis, since the sky is dark at all times.
Since the areas are sparsely populated, and light pollution is not a major problem, you can still enjoy the stars.
The Japanese work culture is more orderly and formal than anything Westerners are used to.
Suits were the standard business attire, and coworkers referred to their colleagues by their surname or by their job title.
Workplace comfort is paramount, emphasizing team effort as opposed to praise for individual accomplishments.
Communities where workers had to ask their superiors for permission for any decisions they made, and where they were expected to obey their superiors' orders without question.
