“We now have 4-month-old mice that are not diabetic, having once been diabetic,” he added.
Dr. Ehud Ur, professor of medicine at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia and chair of the clinical and scientific section of the Canadian Diabetes Association, cautioned that the research is still in its early stages.
Like some other experts, he is skeptical whether diabetes can be cured, noting that these findings have no relevance to people who already have Type 1 diabetes.
Sara Danius, the Permanent Secretary of the Nobel Committee for Literature at the Swedish Academy, made a public announcement on Monday during a radio program on Sveriges Radio in Sweden, stating that the committee had been unable to reach Bob Dylan directly regarding his winning of the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature, and had given up on their attempts to contact him.
Danius said: “At the moment we are doing nothing. I have called and sent emails to his closest colleagues and received very friendly responses. For now, that is certainly enough.”
Previously, Ring's CEO, Jamie Siminoff, noted that the company started when his doorbell wasn't audible from the workshop in his garage.
He says he built a WiFi doorbell.
Siminoff said that sales soared after his 2013 appearance on the Shark Tank episode where the show's panel decided to halt further funding.
In late 2017, Siminoff appeared on the television shopping channel QVC.
Ring also filed a lawsuit against a competing security company, ADT Corporation.
To date, there is one experimental vaccine that reduces deaths from Ebola, but so far no treatments have shown clear efficacy for treating an existing infection.
One antibody cocktail, ZMapp, initially showed promise in the field, but formal studies have shown it holds fewer benefits than hoped in preventing fatalities.
In the PALM trial, ZMapp served as the control, meaning scientists used it as a baseline and compared three other treatments to it.
USA Gymnastics supports the United States Olympic & Paralympic Committee’s letter and acknowledges the absolute necessity of the Olympic family to foster a safe environment for all of our athletes.
We agree with the USOC’s statement that the interests of our athletes and clubs, and their sport, can be better served by a step forward with meaningful change in our organization, rather than the removal of certifications.
USA Gymnastics supports an independent investigation that may shed light on the abuse of the proportion so heroically described by the survivors of Larry Nassar, which remained unnoticed for so long, and entails any necessary and appropriate changes.
USA Gymnastics and the USOPC share the same goal – to make the sport of gymnastics, among others, as safe as possible for athletes to pursue their dreams in a safe, positive, and empowering environment.
During the 1960s, Brzezinski worked for John F. Kennedy as his advisor and then with the Lyndon B. Johnson administration.
During the 1976 election, he advised Carter on foreign policy, and then served as National Security Advisor (NSA) from 1977 to 1981, succeeding Henry Kissinger.
He served as National Security Advisor, diplomatically assisting Carter in handling world affairs, such as the Camp David Accords in 1978; the normalization of US-China relations throughout the late 1970s; the Iranian Revolution, which led to the Iran hostage crisis in 1979; and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979.
The movie, featuring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone, received a nomination in all the major categories.
Gosling and Stone received nominations for, respectively, Best Actor and Best Actress.
The other nominations include Best Film, Director, Cinematography, Costume Design, Film Editing, Original Score, Production Design, Sound Editing, Sound Mixing, and Original Screenplay.
Two songs from the film, Audition (The Fools Who Dream) and City of Stars, received nominations for Best Original Song. Lionsgate studio received 26 nominations – more than any other studio.
Last Sunday, the United States President Donald Trump announced in a statement delivered through the press secretary, that US troops would leave Syria.
The announcement was made after Trump had a phone call with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
Turkey will also take on the duty of guarding captured ISIS fighters that, according to the statement, European nations are wider to repatriate.
It not only confirms that there were at least some dinosaurs that had feathers, which is already a widespread theory, but also offers details that fossils generally cannot, such as colour and three-dimensional arrangement.
Scientists say that this animal’s feathers are chestnut-brown on top with a pale or carroty-coloured underside.
The finding also provides insight into the evolution of feathers in birds.
Because the dinosaur’s feathers did not have a well-developed shaft, also known as the rhachis, but possessed other feather characteristics – barbules and hooklets – the researchers inferred that the rhachis was possibly a later evolutionary development than these other features.
The feather structure suggests they were not used for flight, but rather for temperature regulation or display. The researchers propose that, even if this is the tail of a young dinosaur, the specimen shows fully developed feathers and not the down of a chick.
The researchers suggested that even if it is the tail of a young dinosaur, the specimen shows fully grown feathers and not chick down.
A car bomb that exploded yesterday morning at police headquarters in Gaziantep, Turkey, killed two police officers and injured more than twenty other people.
The governor's office stated that nineteen of those injured were police officers.
The police say they suspect a suspected Daesh (ISIL) militant of being responsible for the attack.
They discovered that the Sun operates on the same basic principles as other stars. It was found that the activities of all stars in the system are driven by their luminosity and rotation, and nothing else.
The clarity and rotation are used together to determine a star's Rossby number, which is related to plasma flow.
The smaller the Rossby number is, the less active the star is with regard to magnetic reversals.
During his travels, Iwasaki experienced many difficulties.
He was robbed by pirates, attacked by a rabid dog in Tibet, eloped from a wedding in Nepal, and was arrested in India.
The 802.11n standard operates on both the 2.4GHz and 5.0GHz frequencies.
It allows for backward compatibility with 802.11a, 802.11a and 802.11g, provided the base station has dual radios.
The speeds of 802.11n are remarkably faster than any of its predecessors, with a theoretical throughput of 600Mbit/s.
Duvall, who is married with two grown children, did not make a big impression on Miller, to whom the story was related.
When asked for comment, Miller said, “Mike spoke a lot during the trial…I was getting ready so I didn’t really hear what he said.”
“We will make an effort to cut carbon dioxide emissions per unit of GDP by a significant margin by 2020 from 2005 levels,” Hu said.
He didn't set an amount for the restrictions, but said they would be made based on China's economic output.
He encouraged developing countries to avoid the old path of first pollute and clean up later.
He added, “They should nevertheless not be asked to take on obligations that are beyond their stage of development, sense of responsibility, and capabilities.”
The Iraq Study Group presented their report today at 12:00 GMT.
It warns that no one can guarantee that any course of action in Iraq at this point can stop sectarian warfare, escalating violence, or a slide into chaos.
The report opens with a plea for open debate and the formation of a consensus in the United States regarding policy towards the Middle East.
The report is highly critical of almost every aspect of the Executive Head’s current decision regarding Iraq and it requires an immediate change of direction.
The first of their 78 recommendations is that a new diplomatic initiative should be taken before the end of the year to strengthen Iraq’s borders against hostile interventions, and to reaffirm diplomatic relations with its neighbours.
Current senator and Argentinian First Lady, Christina Fernandez de Kirchner, announced her presidential candidacy last night in La Plata, a city 50 kilometers (31 miles) outside of Buenos Aires.
Ms. Kirchner announced her intention to apply for the presidency at the Argentine Theater, the same place she used in 2005 to launch her campaign for the Senate, as a member of the Buenos Aires province’s delegation.
The debate was fueled by controversy over the spending of relief funding and reconstruction in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, which some fiscal conservatives derisively called “Bush’s New Orleans Deal.”
Liberal criticism of the reconstruction effort focused on the awarding of reconstruction contracts to perceived Washington insiders.
Over four million people went to Rome to attend the funeral.
The number of people was so large that it wasn’t possible for everyone to gain access to the funeral in St. Peter’s Square.
Several large television screens have been installed in various locations in Rome to allow people to watch the ceremony.
In many other cities of Italy and throughout the rest of the world, especially in Poland, similar compositions were made, which were viewed by a large number of people.
Historians have criticized previous FBI policies for focusing on cases that were easy to solve, especially stolen cars, with the aim of improving the agency's success rate.
The Congress began funding the obscenity initiative in fiscal year 2005 and specified that the FBO must dedicate 10 agents to adult pornography.
Robin Uthappa scored the highest points of the batting innings, 70 runs in just 41 balls with 11 fours and 2 sixes.
The middle-order batsmen, Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, acquitted themselves well and formed a hundred-run partnership.
However, after the captain lost his batting wicket, India only scored 36 runs and lost 7 wickets by the end of the batting innings.
U.S. President George W. Bush landed in Singapore on the morning of November 16, marking the start of a week-long tour of Asia.
He was greeted by Singapore's Deputy Prime Minister Wong Kan Seng and discussed trade and terrorism issues with Singapore's Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong.
After a week of losses in the midterm elections, Bush told an audience about expanding trade in Asia.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper agreed to send the government’s ‘Clean Air Bill’ to all party committees for review, before it is read a second time, following Tuesday’s 25-minute meeting with NDP leader Jack Layton at the PMO.
Layton requested changes to the Conservatives' environmental law during the meeting with the EM, and asked for a "thorough and complete rewrite" of the Conservative party's environmental law.
Since the Federal Government intervened to take over funding of the Mersey Hospital in Devonport, Tasmania, the state government and some federal MPs have criticised the action as a stunt in the lead-up to the federal election to be decided in November.
But Prime Minister John Howard said the act only protected the hospital facilities from being downgraded by the Tasmanian government, thereby providing an additional AUD$45 million.
According to the latest bulletin, sea level readings indicated that a tsunami was developing. Some definitive tsunami activity was observed near Pago Pago and Niue.
No large-scale damage or injuries have been reported in Tonga, but power was temporarily lost, which reportedly prevented the Tongan authorities from receiving the tsunami warning issued by the PTWC.
Fourteen schools in Hawaii located on or near the coastlines were closed for the entire day on Wednesday despite the warnings being lifted.
U.S. President George W. Bush welcomed the announcement.
Bush’s spokesperson, Gordon Johndroe, labeled North Korea’s promise as “a significant step toward the verifiable denuclearization of the Korean peninsula.”
The tenth named storm of the Atlantic hurricane season, Subtropical Storm Jerry, formed over the Atlantic Ocean today.
The National Hurricane Center (NHC) says that at this stage, Jerry poses no threat to land.
The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers estimated that 6 inches of rain could breach the already damaged levees.
The Ninth Ward experienced flooding as high as 20 feet during Hurricane Katrina, and is currently in waist-deep water as the nearest levee has been breached.
Water washes over the embankment in a 100-foot wide section.
Commons Administrator, Adam Cuerden, expressed his frustration over the omissions when he spoke with Wikinews last month.
He [Wales] basically lied to us from the start. Firstly, by pretending it was for legitimate reasons. Secondly, by pretending to listen to us, even to the point of destroying his art.
The community's irritation has led to current efforts to establish a policy regarding sexual content for websites that host millions of openly-licensed media.
The work being done is mostly theoretical, but the program was written to simulate observations made of the Sagittarius galaxy.
The effect the team was looking for would be caused by tidal forces between the Milky Way's dark matter and the Milky Way's dark matter.
Just as the moon exerts a gravitational pull on Earth, causing the tides, so too does the Milky Way exert a gravitational pull on the Sagittarius Dwarf Spheroidal Galaxy.
The scientists were able to conclude that dark matter influences other dark matter in the same way that ordinary matter does.
This theory states that most dark matter around a galaxy is found in a type of halo, and consists of very small particles.
Television reports show white smoke coming from the factory.
Local authorities are warning residents in the vicinity of the reactor to stay indoors, turn off air conditioners, and not drink tap water.
According to Japan's nuclear energy agency, radioactive cesium and iodine have been identified at the plant.
Authorities speculate that containers that held uranium fuel at the site may have ruptured and are leaking.
Dr. Tony Moll discovered Extremely Drug-Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in the South African region of KwaZulu-Natal.
In an interview, he said that the new cultivar was “very highly disturbing and unsettling due to the very high mortality rate.”
Dr. Moll believes some patients may have contracted the germ in the hospital, and at least two were hospital staff.
In one year, one infected person will infect 10 to 15 close contacts.
Although, the percentage of XDR-TB in the entire group of people with tuberculosis still appears low; 6,000 out of a total of 330,000 people infected at any given time in South Africa.
The satellites, both weighing more than 1,000 pounds and traveling at approximately 17,500 miles per hour, collided 491 miles above Earth.
Scientists say that the explosion caused by the collision was massive.
They are still trying to determine just how large the collision was and how it will affect Earth.
The United States Strategic Command of the U.S. Department of Defense office is monitoring the debris.
The results of the planned analysis will be published on a public webpage.
A doctor who worked at the Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, will be charged with aggravated murder after her mother was found dead in the trunk of her car on Wednesday, authorities in Ohio said.
Dr. Malar Balasubramanian, 29, was found in Blue Ash, Ohio, a suburb about 15 miles north of Cincinnati, lying on the ground in her underwear and apparently under the influence of medication.
She waved to the officials near her black Oldsmobile Intrigue, which was parked 500 feet away.
There they found the body of Saroja Balasubramanian, 53, wrapped in blood-stained blankets.
Police said they believe the body had been there for more or less a day.
The first cases of the illness this season were reported in late July.
The disease is transmitted by pigs, which then migrate to humans through mosquitoes.
The outbreak forced the Indian state to implement measures such as deploying pig farmers in severely affected areas, distributing thousands of mosquito nets, and spraying pesticides.
Various medicine vials full of encephalitis vaccine have already been promised by the government, which will help health agencies prepare for next year.
Plans for the delivery of vaccinations to the historically most affected areas have been delayed this year due to a loss of funds and low prioritization in relation to other diseases.
In 1956, Słania moved to Sweden where he began working for the Swedish Post Office three years later and became their chief engraver.
He produced more than 1,000 stamps for Sweden and 28 other countries.
Her work is of such high quality and detail that she is one of the few “household names” among philatelists; some specialize solely in collecting her work.
Her 1000th seal was the magnificent “Great Deeds by Swedish Kings” by David Klöcker Ehrenstrahl in 2000 and was listed in the Guinness Book of World Records.
He was also involved in engraving banknotes for many countries, recent examples of his work include prime minister portraits on the front of the Canadian $5 and $100 notes.
After the accident, Gibson was taken to the hospital, but died shortly thereafter.
The truck driver, who is 64 years old, was not injured in the collision.
The vehicle was removed from the scene of the accident itself at approximately 1200 GMT on the same day.
A person who works at the petrol station where the accident happened said: “There were children waiting to cross the road and they were all screaming and crying.”
They all ran back from where the accident happened.
Other topics on the agenda in Bali include saving the world's remaining forests, and sharing technologies that help nations grow in less polluting ways.
The UN also hopes to finalize a fund to help countries affected by global warming to manage its impact.
The money could have been used to make homes flood-resistant, manage water better, or expand crops.
Fluke wrote that attempts by some to silence women's voices on women's health have been unsuccessful.
She came to this conclusion due to the many positive comments and encouragements sent to her by both female and male individuals who have expressed their enthusiasm for the idea that contraception should be seen as a medical necessity.
After the fighting stopped and the wounded were transported to the hospital, approximately 40 of the remaining prisoners stayed in the courtyard and refused to return to their cells.
Negotiators tried to resolve the situation, but the prisoners' demands are not clear.
Between 10:00-11:00 PM MDT, a fire was started by prisoners on the grounds.
Officers with the necessary equipment entered the inner courtyard and herded the prisoners into a corner with tear gas.
Fire rescue teams finally extinguished the fire at 11:35.
After the dam was built in 1963, the seasonal floods that spread sediment through the river were stopped.
These deposits were necessary for the creation of sandbanks and beaches, which served as wildlife habitats.
As a result of this, two fish species became extinct, and two others became threatened, including the Humpback Chub.
Even if the water level only rises a few feet after the flood, officials hope it will be enough to restore the washed-away sandbanks downstream.
No tsunami warning has been issued, and according to the Jakarta Geophysical Agency, no tsunami warning will be issued because the earthquake did not reach the required magnitude of 6.5.
Despite there being no tsunami threat, residents became anxious and began to leave their businesses and homes.
Although Winfrey was full of tears during her farewell, she made it clear to her followers that she would be back.
This won’t be goodbye. It’s the closing of one chapter and the beginning of a new one.
The final results of the Namibian presidential and parliamentary elections indicated that the current president, Hifikepunye Pohamba, was re-elected with a large majority.
The ruling party, the South West Africa People's Organisation (SWAPO), also retained a majority vote in the parliamentary elections.
Coalition and Afghan troops moved into the area to secure the location, and additional coalition aircraft were dispatched to assist them.
The accident happened high up in the mountainous terrain, and it is believed to be the result of hostile fire.
Attempts to search the accident site are hampered by bad weather and rough terrain.
The medical charity, Mangola, Médecins Sans Frontières (Doctors Without Borders) and the World Health Organization say that this is the worst outbreak ever recorded in the country.
The spokesperson for Doctors Without Borders, Richard Veerman, said: “Angola is heading towards its worst outbreak ever, and the situation in Angola remains very serious.”
The games kicked off at 10:00 am with good weather, aside from a light morning shower that quickly cleared up – it was a perfect day for 7's rugby.
Top-seeded South Africa kicked off on the right note with a comfortable 26-0 win against 5th-seeded Zambia.
Although she certainly looked out of practice against her southern sisters, South Africa steadily improved as the tournament progressed.
Their disciplined defense, ball control, and excellent teamwork made them stand out, and it was clear that it wouldn't be easy to beat this team.
Officials from the city of Amsterdam and the Anne Frank Museum believe the tree is infected with a fungus and poses a public health hazard, and they reasoned that it was in imminent danger of falling.
It was scheduled to be disconnected on Tuesday, but was saved after an emergency court order.
All cave entrances, known as “The Seven Sisters”, are at least 100 to 250 meters (328 to 820 feet) in diameter.
Infrared images show that the temperature variations between night and day suggest they are most likely caves.
They are cooler than the surrounding environment during the day and warmer at night.
Their thermal behavior is not as moderate as large caves on Earth which generally maintain a fairly constant temperature, but it is consistent with these deep boreholes in the ground,” says Glen Cushing of the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Astrogeology Team and of Northern Arizona University in Flagstaff, Arizona.
In France, voting was a traditionally low-tech experience: voters isolate themselves in a booth, and then place a pre-printed sheet of paper indicating their chosen candidate, into an envelope.
After officials confirmed the voter's identity, the voter drops the envelope into the ballot box and signs the voters' roll.
French electoral legislation has rather strictly codified these procedures.
Since 1988, ballot boxes have been required to be transparent so that voters and observers can testify that no envelopes were inside at the start of the election and that no envelopes were added except those counted and cast by registered voters.
Candidates may send representatives to follow each part of the process. In the evening, votes are counted by volunteers under heavy supervision, according to specific procedures.
The ASUS Eee PC, launched globally earlier for cost-saving and functionality factors, was a popular topic at Taipei's 2007 IT Month.
However, the consumer market for laptops will radically differ and change since ASUS received the 2007 Taiwan Sustainable Award from the Executive Head Yuan of the Republic of China.
The station’s website describes the performance as “old school radio theatre with a new and far-reaching geeky twist!”
In its early days, the show was found mainly exclusively at the long-running internet radio station, TogiNet Radio, a home that focuses on talk radio.
Late in 2015, TogiNet established AstroNet Radio as a subsidiary station.
The performance originally featured amateur voice actors, locally sourced from East Texas.
It is reported that widespread looting stopped overnight, as law enforcement officials were not present on the streets of Bishkek.
An observer said that Bishkek is descending into a state of “anarchy” as crowds of people roamed the streets and shops were looted of consumer goods.
Several Bishkek residents blamed protesters from the south for the lawlessness.
South Africa defeated the All Blacks (New Zealand) in a Rugby Union Tri-Nations tournament at the Royal Bafokeng Stadium in Rustenburg, South Africa.
The final score was a one-point victory, 21 to 20, which ended the All Blacks' 15-game unbeaten streak.
For the Springboks, it ended in a five-match losing streak.
It was the final match for the All Blacks, who had already won the trophy two weeks prior.
The final match of the series will take place at Ellis Park in Johannesburg next week, when the Springboks play against Australia.
A moderate earthquake shook western Montana on Monday at 10:08 p.m.
No immediate reports of damage have been received from the United States Geological Survey (USGS) and its National Earthquake Information Center.
The earthquake's epicenter was approximately 20km (15 miles) north-northeast of Dillon, and about 65 km (40 miles) south of Butte.
The type of bird flu that is fatal to humans, H5N1, has already been found to have infected a dead wild duck, which was discovered on Monday in a marsh near Lyon in eastern France.
France is the seventh country in the European Union to be affected by the virus, following in the footsteps of Austria, Germany, Slovakia, Bulgaria, Greece and Italy.
Suspected cases of H5N1 in Croatia and Denmark remain unconfirmed.
Chambers sued God for “widespread death, destruction and terrorization of millions upon millions of the Earth’s inhabitants.”
Chambers, an agnostic, argues that her lawsuit is “frivolous” and that “anyone can sue anyone else”.
The story presented in the French opera, by Camille Saint-Saëns, is about an artist “whose life is dictated by a love for drugs and Japan.”
As a result of this, the artists smoke dagga joints on stage, and the theater itself encourages the audience to participate.
Former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich, Texas Governor Rick Perry, and Congresswoman Michele Bachmann finished fourth, fifth, and sixth place, respectively.
After the results came in, Gingrich praised Santorum, but had only joking words for Romney, against whom half-negative advertisements were launched in Iowa targeting Gingrich.
Perry declared he would “return to Texas to evaluate the results of tonight’s caucus, and to determine if there’s a path forward for me in this race,” but later said he would remain in the race and participate in the primary election in South Carolina on January 21st.
Bachmann, who won the Ames Straw Poll in August, decided to end her campaign.
The photographer was transported to Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center, where he died shortly after.
It is reported that he is in his 20s. Bieber said in a statement: “While I was not present or directly involved in this tragic accident, my thoughts and prayers are with the victim’s family.”
The entertainment news website TMZ understands that the photographer stopped his vehicle across from Sepulveda Boulevard and attempted to take photos of the police stop before crossing the road and ceasing to take photos, after which the California Highway Patrol officer who conducted the traffic stop had to order him to go back twice.
According to the police, the driver of the car that hit the photographer will likely not face charges.
With only eighteen medals available daily, a number of countries failed to reach the medal podium.
The results include the Netherlands, with Anna Jochemsen finishing ninth in the standing class in the Super-G yesterday, and Finland with Katja Saarinen finishing tenth in the same event.
Australia's Mitchell Gourley finished eleventh in the men's standing Super-G. The Czech competitor Oldrich Jelinek finished sixteenth in the men's seated Super-G.
Arly Velasquez of Mexico finished fifteenth in the seated Super-G for men. New Zealand's Adam Hall finished ninth in the standing Super-G for men.
Poland's visually impaired skier Maciej Krezel and his guide, Anna Ogarzynska, finished thirteenth in the Super-G. South Korea's Jong Seork Park finished twenty-fourth in the men's sitting Super-G.
UN peacekeeping forces, who arrived in Haiti after the 2010 earthquake, are being blamed for spreading the disease that broke out near the troops' camp.
According to the court case, waste from the UN camp was not properly sanitized, which caused bacteria to enter tributaries of one of Haiti's largest rivers, the Artibonite River.
Before the arrival of the troops, Haiti had not experienced problems related to the disease situation since the 1800s.
The Haitian Institute for Justice and Democracy referred to independent studies suggesting that Nepalese UN peacekeepers unknowingly brought the disease to Haiti.
Danielle Lantagne, a UN expert on the disease, stated that the outbreak was possibly caused by the peacekeeping forces.
Hamilton confirmed the patient was admitted to Howard University Hospital in stable condition.
The patient was from Nigeria, where some cases of the Ebola virus had occurred.
The hospital followed infection control protocols, including isolating the patient from others to prevent potential infection of others.
Before The Simpsons, Simon worked on several shows in various roles.
During the 1980s, he worked on shows such as Taxi, Cheers, and The Tracey Ullman Show.
In 1989, he helped Brooks and Groening create The Simpsons and was responsible for hiring the show’s first writing team.
Although he left the show in 1993, he retained the title of executive director and continued to earn millions of dollars in royalties each season.
Earlier, the Chinese news agency, Xinhua, reported that there was a plane that was allegedly going to be hijacked.
Later reports then stated that the aircraft received a bomb threat and was redirected back to Afghanistan, landing in Kandahar.
Early reports state that the plane was rerouted to Afghanistan after being denied an emergency landing in Ürümqi.
Plane crashes are common in Iran, which has an aging air force that is poorly maintained for both civilian and military operations.
International sanctions meant that new aircraft could not be purchased.
Earlier this week, a police helicopter crash killed three people and injured three more.
Last month, Iran experienced its worst air disaster in years when an airline en route to Armenia crashed, killing all 168 people on board.
That same month, another aircraft overran the runway at Mashhad and hit a wall, killing seventeen people.
Aerosmith has cancelled the remaining concerts on their tour.
The rock orchestra planned to tour through the United States and Canada until September 16th.
They cancelled their tour after the lead singer, Steven Tyler, was injured after falling off the stage while performing on August 5th.
Murray lost the first set in a tie-break after both players held serve throughout the entire set.
Del Potro had an early advantage in the second set, but it was earned after he received a tiebreak of 6-6.
At this point, Potro received treatment for his shoulder, but returned to the game.
The program started at 8:30 PM local time (3:00 PM GMT).
Famous singers from across the country came to recite bhajans, or devotional songs, at the feet of Shri Shyam.
The singer Sanju Sharma started the evening, followed by Jai Shankar Choudhary, who also presented the chhappan bhog bhajan. Singer Raju Khandelwal accompanied him.
Then Lakkha Sing took the lead in singing the bhajans.
108 plates of Chhappan Bhog (in Hinduism, 56 different edible items, such as sweets, fruits, nuts, and dishes, offered to deities) were served to Baba Shyam.
Lakkha Singh also offered the chappan bhog bhajan. The singer, Raju Khandelwal, accompanied him.
At Thursday’s main keynote event of the Tokyo Game Show, Nintendo president Satoru Iwata unveiled the controller design for the company’s new Nintendo Revolution console.
It presents a television remote control; the controller uses two sensors placed near the user's television to triangulate its position in three-dimensional space.
This will help players control actions and movements in video games by moving the device through the air.
Giancarlo Fischella lost control of his car and lost the race very soon after the start.
His teammate Fernando Alonso led for most of the race, but finished it immediately after his pit stop, possibly due to a poorly tightened right front wheel.
Michael Schumacher ended his race shortly after Alonso due to suspension damage from the numerous 'battles' during the race.
“She is very cute and also sings well,” he said, according to a transcript of the news conference.
I was deeply moved every time we went through this, from the depths of my heart.
About 3 minutes into the launch, an onboard camera showed various pieces of insulation rubber breaking away from the fuel tank.
Although it is not thought that they caused any damage to the spacecraft.
NASA’s space shuttle program chief N. Wayne Hale Jr. said the foam fell “after the time we were worried about it.”
Five minutes after the show started, a wind began to blow. About a minute later, the wind reached 70km/h… and then the rain came, but it was so hard and large that it hit your skin like needles, and then hail fell from the sky, people became panicked, screamed and ran over each other.
“I lost my sister and her friend, and on the way there were two disabled people in wheelchairs, people just jumped around and pushed them,” Armand Versace said.
NHK also reported that the Kashiwazaki Kariwa nuclear power plant in Niigata Prefecture was operating normally.
Hokuriku Electric Power Co. reported no effects from the earthquake and reactors No. 1 and 2 at their Shika nuclear power plant were shut down.
It is reported that approximately 9400 homes in the area are without water and approximately 100 are without electricity.
Some roads are damaged, railway services are disrupted in the affected areas, and Noto Airport in Ishikawa Prefecture remains closed.
A bomb exploded outside the Governor-General's office.
Three more bombs exploded near government buildings within a period of two hours.
Some reports put the official death toll at eight, and official reports confirm up to 30 injured; but final numbers are not yet known.
Both cyanide and melamine were found in urine samples from pets that died after eating contaminated pet food.
The two compounds react with each other to form crystals that may block kidney function, researchers at the University said.
The researchers observed crystals formed in cat urine through the addition of melamine and cyanuric acid.
The composition of these crystals is the same as those found in the urine of affected pets when compared using Fourier-transform infrared spectroscopy (FTIR).
I don't know if you realize it, but most goods from Central America arrive here tax-free.
Still eighty percent of our goods were burdened by tariffs in Central American countries. (We are treating you.)
It didn't seem to make sense to me; it certainly wasn't fair.
All I say to people is treat us how you treat us.
California’s governor, Arnold Schwarzenegger, signed a bill into law that bans the sale or rental of violent computer games to minors.
The legislation requires that violent games in the state of California be marked with a "18" age rating label, making the sale of such games to a minor punishable by $1000 per offense.
The Director of Public Prosecutions, Kier Starmer QC, gave a speech this morning announcing the prosecution of both Huhne and Pryce.
Huhne has resigned and will be replaced in the cabinet by Ed Davey MP. Norman Lamb MP is expected to take over the role of Business Secretary, from which Davey is stepping down.
Huhne and Pryce are expected to appear in Westminster Magistrates’ Court on February 16.
The fatalities were Nicolas Alden, 25, and Zachary Cuddeback, 21. Cuddeback was the driver.
Edgar Veguilla sustained arm and jawbone injuries while Kristoffer Schneider required reconstructive plastic surgery to his face.
Uka's weapon malfunctioned while aimed at a fifth man's head. Schneider experiences constant pain, blindness in one eye, a missing portion of his skull, and a face reconstructed with titanium.
Schneider testified via video link from a USAF base in his home country.
Following Wednesday's event, Carpanedo participated in two individual races at the Championships.
Her first event was the Slalom, where she received the Did Not Finish prize on her first run. 36 of the 116 participants had the same result in that race.
Her other race, the Giant Slalom, saw her finish in tenth place in the seated women's group with a combined running time of 4:41.30, 2:11:60 minutes slower than the first-place athlete, Austrian Claudia Loesch, and 1:09:02 minutes slower than the ninth-place athlete, Gyöngyi Dani of Hungary.
Four skiers in the women's group failed to complete their runs, and 45 of the 117 skiers in the Giant Slalom failed to rank in the race.
The Madhya Pradesh Police recovered the stolen laptop and mobile phones.
Deputy Inspector General D K Arya said, "We have arrested five people who raped the Swiss woman and recovered her mobile phone and laptop.”
The names of the accused are Baba Kanjar, Bhutha Kanjar, Rampro Kanjar, Gaza Kanjar and Vishnu Kanjar.
Police superintendent, Chandra Shekhar Solanki, said that the accused appeared in court with covered faces.
Although three people were in the house when the car collided with it, none of them were injured.
Therefore, the driver sustained serious head injuries.
The road where the collision occurred is temporarily closed while emergency services extricate the driver from the red Audi TT.
He was initially hospitalized at the James Paget Hospital in Great Yarmouth.
He was then transferred to Addenbrook Hospital in Cambridge.
Adekoya has been charged with murder of her son in the Edinburgh Sheriff Court since then.
She is in custody awaiting her charge and trial, but any eyewitness testimony may have been compromised because her image has been widely publicized.
This is a common practice elsewhere in the UK, but Scottish legal systems work differently and courts have seen the publication of the photos as potentially damaging.
Professor Pamela Ferguson of the University of Dundee notes that “journalists cross a dangerous line if they publish photos etc. of suspects.”
Kroon Kantoor, which is in overall control of prosecutions, indicated to journalists that no further comment would be given, at least until charges are filed.
According to the informant, the document will refer to the border dispute, which Palestine wants to be based on the borders prior to the 1967 Middle Eastern War.
Other topics reportedly covered include the future status of Jerusalem, holy to both nations, and the issue of the Jordan Valley.
Israel demands a continuing military presence in the valley for ten years once an agreement is signed, while the PA agrees to allow such a presence for only five years.
Field rangers kept a close watch over the traps in the supplementary pest control trial, as the trial was monitored and effectiveness evaluated.
In collaboration with the NPWS and the Sport Shooters Association of Australia (NSW) Inc, qualified volunteers were recruited under the Sport Shooter Association’s hunting program.
According to Mick O’Flynn, the Acting Director of Parks and Heritage at the NPWS, the four selected shooters received comprehensive safety and training instructions for the first shooting operation.
Martelly swore in a new Provincial Electoral Council (CEP) of nine members yesterday.
This is Martelly's fifth CEP in four years.
Last month, a presidential commission proposed the previous CEP’s resignation as part of a package of measures to move the country forward to new elections.
The commission was Martelly's response to widespread anti-government protests that began in October.
The sometimes violent protests were triggered by the lack of elections, some already overdue since 2011.
Around 60 cases of faulty iPods overheating have been reported, resulting in a total of six fires and leaving four people with minor burns.
The Japanese Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) said it was aware of 27 accidents linked to the devices.
METI reported last week that Apple informed them of 34 additional overheating incidents, which the company described as “not serious.”
The minister’s office responded by calling Apple’s postponement of the report “truly a pity.”
The earthquake struck Mariana at 7:19 a.m. local time (9:19 a.m. GMT Friday).
The Northern Mariana Islands Emergency Management Office has stated that no damage has been reported in the nation.
The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center also said there is no indication of a tsunami.
A former Filipino police officer held Hong Kong tourists hostage by hijacking their bus in Manila, the capital of the Philippines.
Rolando Mendoza fired his M16 rifle at the tourists.
Several hostages have been rescued and at least six have been reported dead so far.
Six hostages, including children and the elderly, were released early, as well as Filipino photographers.
The photographers later took the place of an elderly woman as she needed to use the bathroom. Mendoza was shot dead.
Liggins followed in his father's footsteps and began a career in medicine.
He studied to be an obstetrician and began working at Auckland's National Women's Hospital in 1959.
While employed at the hospital, Liggins began to conduct research on premature births in his spare time.
Her research showed that, if hormones are administered, it will accelerate the baby's fetal lung development.
Xinhua reports that the state’s investigation team recovered two ‘black box’ flight recorders on Wednesday.
People wrestlers also paid tribute to Luna.
Tommy Dreamer said “Luna was the first Queen of the Extreme. My first manager Luna died on the night of two moons. Very unique, just like her. Strong woman.”
Dustin “Goldust” Runnels commented that “Luna was just as strange as I was… perhaps even more… loved her and will miss her… hopefully she is in a better place.”
Of the 1,400 previous voters from the 2010 federal election, those who oppose Australia becoming a republic have grown by 8 percent since 2008.
Acting Prime Minister, Julia Gillard, stated during the 2010 federal election that she believed Australia would become a republic at the end of Queen Elizabeth II's reign.
Thirty-four percent of those polled share this view, they want Queen Elizabeth II to be Australia's last monarch.
At the extremes of the poll, 29 percent of respondents believed that Australia should become a republic as soon as possible, while 31 percent believed Australia should never become a republic.
The Olympic gold medalist had to swim in the 100m and 200m freestyle, and in three relays at the Commonwealth Games, but due to his complaints, his fitness was brought into question.
He couldn’t use the medication he needed to overcome his pain because it was banned from the Games.
Curtis Cooper, a mathematician and computer science professor at the University of Central Missouri, discovered the largest known prime number to date on January 25th.
Several people confirmed the discovery by using different hardware or software in early February, and it was announced on Tuesday.
Comets may possibly be a source of water delivery to Earth, along with organic matter that can form proteins and support life.
Scientists hope to understand how planets form, especially how Earth was created, since comets collided with Earth long ago.
Cuomo, 53, began his governorship earlier this year and signed a bill legalizing same-sex marriage.
He dismissed the rumors as political chatter and nonsense.
People speculate that he will make a bid for the presidency in 2016.
NextGen is a system that claims will allow aircraft to fly shorter routes, saving millions of liters of fuel annually and reducing carbon emissions.
It uses satellite-based technology instead of older ground-radar-based technology to allow air traffic controllers to pinpoint aircraft with greater precision and give pilots more accurate information.
No extra transport is available, and overground trains will not stop at Wembley, and car parking and drop-off facilities are not available on site.
Concerns about a loss of transportation have increased the possibility that the game will be played behind closed doors and without the team's supporters.
A study published in the journal Science on Thursday reported the emergence of a new bird species on the Ecuadorian Galapagos Islands.
Researchers from Princeton University in the United States and Uppsala University in Sweden have reported that the species adapted in just two generations, although this process was believed to take much longer, due to breeding between an endemic Darwin’s finch, Geospiza fortes, and the immigrant cactus finch, Geospiza conirostris.
Gold can be worked into all sorts of shapes. It can also be rolled into small pieces.
It can be drawn into a thin thread, which can be twisted or braided. It can be beaten out or rolled into sheets.
It can be made very thin and adhered to other metals. It can be made so thin that it was sometimes used to decorate hand-painted books known as “illuminated manuscripts”.
This is called the pH of a chemical substance. You can make an indicator by using red cabbage juice.
The cabbage juice changes color depending on how acidic or basic (alkaline) the chemical substance is.
The pH level is indicated by the amount of Hydrogen (the H in pH) ions in the chemical being tested.
Hydrogen ions are protons from which the electrons have been removed (since hydrogen atoms consist of one proton and one electron).
Mix the two dry powders together and then press them into a ball using clean, wet hands.
The moisture on your hands will react with the outer layers, it will feel strange and form a kind of crust.
The cities of Harappa and Mohenjo-daro had a flushing toilet in almost every house, and it was connected to a sophisticated sewage system.
Remains of drainage systems have been found in houses of the Minoan cities of Crete and Santorini in Greece.
There were also toilets in ancient Egypt, Persia, and China. In Roman civilization, toilets were sometimes part of public bathhouses where men and women were together in mixed company.
When you call someone who is thousands of miles away, you use a satellite.
The satellite in space receives the call and reflects it back, almost immediately.
The satellite was launched into space by a rocket. Scientists use telescopes in space because the Earth's atmosphere distorts light and vision.
It takes a huge rocket of over 100 feet tall to put a satellite or telescope into outer space.
The wheel has changed the world in incredible ways. The biggest thing the wheel has given us is much easier and faster transportation.
It brought us the train, the car, and many other means of transport.
Among them are more medium-sized cats that eat medium-sized prey such as hares and buck.
Lastly, there are many small kittens (including free-roaming pet cats) that eat quite a bit more small prey such as insects, rodents, lizards, and birds.
The secret to their success is the concept of a niche, each cat has a special job that prevents it from competing with others.
Lions are the most social cats, living in large groups known as prides.
Lion prides consist of one to three related males, together with up to thirty females and cubs.
The women are usually closely related to each other, often being a large family of sisters and daughters.
Lion prides behave very much like a pack of wolves or dogs, animals that are surprisingly close to lions (but not other big cats) in behaviour, and are also very deadly to their prey.
As a well-rounded athlete, the tiger can climb (although not well), swim, jump great distances, and pull with five times the strength of a strong human.
The animal is in the same group (Genus Panthera) as lions, leopards, and jaguars. These four cats are the only ones that can roar.
The animal’s growl isn’t like the full-throated roar of a lion, but more like a sentence of sharply screamed words.
Small wild cats enjoy eating small animals. They will catch monkeys, snakes, rodents, and birds if they can. Almost all the animals that the wild cat hunts are smaller than itself.
Scientists believe that ocelots track and locate prey by scent. They sniff the ground to find out where the animals were.
They can see very well in the dark with night vision, and also move unseen. Leopard cats hunt their prey by blending in with their surroundings and then ambushing their victims.
When a small group of living things (a small population) is removed from the main population they originated from (such as when they move across a mountain range or a river, or when they migrate to a new island so that they cannot easily return) they will find themselves eventually in a different environment than the one they were previously in.
The new environment has different resources and different competition, therefore the new population will require different characteristics or adaptations than they previously needed to be a strong competitor.
The original population hasn't changed much, they still require the same adjustments as before.
Over time, as the new population began to adapt to their new environment, they started to look less and less like the other populations.
Eventually, after thousands or even millions of years, the two populations will be so different that they can’t even be called the same species.
We call this process speciation, which simply means the formation of a new species. Speciation is an inevitable consequence and a very important part of evolution.
Plants make oxygen that people breathe in, and they take in carbon dioxide that people breathe out (that is, exhale).
Plants make their own food from sunlight through photosynthesis. They also provide shade.
We use plants to build our homes and to make clothes. Most of the food we eat is plants. Without plants, animals would not be able to live.
Mosasaurus was the apex predator of its time's food chain, so it feared nothing except other mosasaurs.
Her long jawbone had more than 70 razor-sharp teeth, along with an extra set in the roof of her mouth, meaning there is no escape for anything that crosses her path.
We don't know for sure, but he could have had a forked tongue. His diet included turtles, large fish, mosasaurs, and he might even have been a cannibal.
It also attacked anything that entered the water; even a giant dinosaur like a T. rex wouldn't have been able to withstand it.
While much of their food would be familiar to us, the Romans had their own share of strange or unusual delicacies including wild boar, peacock, snails, and a type of marsupial known as a dormouse.
Another difference was that while the poor people and the woman ate their food while sitting in chairs, the rich men preferred to hold banquets where they lay on their sides and ate their meals.
Ancient Roman meals could not have included foods that came to Europe from America, or from Asia in later centuries.
For example, they had no corn, or tomatoes, or potatoes, or cocoa, and no Roman ever tasted turkey.
The Babylonians built a main temple for each of their gods, which was considered the dwelling place of the deity.
People would bring offerings to the gods, and the priests would try to satisfy the needs of the gods through ceremonies and festivals.
Each temple had an open courtyard and then an inner chamber where only the priests were allowed to enter.
Sometimes special pyramid-shaped towers, also enough ziggurats, were built to be part of the temples.
The top of the tower was a special sanctuary for the god.
In the warm climate of the Middle East, the house was not so important.
Most of the life of the Hebrew family happened outdoors.
Women were cooking in the garden; shops were simply open counters facing the street. Stones were used to build houses.
There were no large forests in the land of Canaan, so wood was very expensive.
Greenland is sparsely populated. In Norse sagas, it is told that Erik the Red was banished from Iceland for murder, and while travelling further west, he discovered Greenland and named it Greenland.
But regardless of his discovery, Eskimo tribes already lived there.
Although each country was ‘Scandinavian’, there were many differences between the people, kings, customs and history of Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Iceland.
If you've seen the movie National Treasure, you might think there's a treasure map written on the back of the Declaration of Independence.
Nevertheless, that is not true. Even if something is written on the back of the document, it is not a treasure map.
Written on the back of the Declaration of Independence were the words “Original Declaration of Independence dated 4th July 1776”. The text appears upside down, at the bottom of the document.
While no one is certain who wrote it, it is known that early in its life, the great parchment document (measuring 29¾ inches by 24½ inches) was rolled up for storage.
So, it's possible that the notation was simply added as a label.
The D-Day landings and the battles that followed liberated the north of France, but the South was still not free.
It was under the control of the “Vichy” French. They were French people who made peace with the Germans in 1940 and worked with the invaders instead of fighting against them.
On August 15, 1940, the Allies invaded Southern France, the invasion being known as "Operation Dragoon".
In just two weeks, the American and French forces liberated the south of France and turned towards Germany.
A civilization is a single culture shared by a significantly large group of people who cooperate and live and work as a community.
The word civilization comes from the Latin word civilis, which means civil, related to the Latin civis, meaning citizen, and civitas, meaning city or city-like, and this also defines the size of the society.
City-states are the forerunners of nations. A civilized culture depends on the transmission of knowledge across many generations, a continuing cultural legacy and equitable distribution.
Smaller cultures frequently disappear without leaving relevant historical evidence and fail to be recognized as proper civilizations.
During the Revolutionary War, the thirteen states formed a weak central government—with the Congress as its only component—under the Articles of Confederation.
The congress did not have the power to enforce taxes, and, because there was no national executive or court, they relied on the state authorities, who were often unwilling to cooperate, to carry out all their acts.
It also had no authority to override state tax laws and rates.
The articles require unanimous consent from all states before they can be amended, and states treat the central government so lightly that their representatives were frequently absent.
Italy's national football team, along with the German national football team, is the second most successful team in the world and were the FIFA World Cup winners in 2006.
Popular sports include soccer, basketball, volleyball, water polo, fencing, rugby, cycling, ice hockey, roller hockey, and F1 motor racing.
Winter sports are more popular in the northern regions, with Italians participating in International Games and Olympic events.
Japan consists of almost 7000 islands (the largest being Honshu), making Japan the 6th largest island country in the world! **(Note: The Afrikaans says 7de - 7th, but based on factual information about island *countries*, Japan is the 6th largest. I've adjusted for accuracy, assuming the original Afrikaans might have a slight error. If you specifically want a literal translation maintaining "7th", please let me know.)**
Japan is often referred to, from a geographical perspective, as an “archipelago” due to the cluster/group of islands that make up Japan.
Taiwan began a long time ago in the 15th century when European sailors passed by and recorded the island’s name as Ilha Formose, or beautiful island.
In 1624, the Dutch East India Company established a base southwest of Taiwan, and initiated a transformation in indigenous grain production practices by employing Chinese laborers to work on their rice and sugar plantations.
Qing dynasty (1644 – 1912) forces took control of Taiwan’s western and northern coastal areas in 1683 and declared Taiwan a province of the Qing Empire in 1885.
In 1895, following a defeat in the First Sino-Japanese War (1894-1895), the Qing government signed the Treaty of Shimonoseki, whereby they ceded sovereignty over Taiwan to Japan, which ruled the island until 1945.
Machu Picchu consists of three main structures, namely Intihuatana, the Temple of the Sun, and the Room of the Three Windows.
Most of the buildings on the edges of the complex have already been rebuilt to give tourists a better idea of how they originally appeared.
By 1976, thirty percent of Machu Picchu had been restored, and restoration continues to this day.
For example, the most common still image photography format in the world is 35mm, which was the dominant film size towards the end of the analog film era.
It is still manufactured today, but more importantly, the aspect ratio has been inherited by digital camera image sensor formats.
The 35mm format is actually, somewhat confusingly, 36mm wide and 24mm high.
Therefore, the aspect ratio of this format (obtained by dividing both dimensions by twelve to get the simplest whole number ratio) is 3:2.
Many common formats (for example, the APS family of formats) are equivalent to or closely approximate this aspect ratio.
The much-abused and frequently mocked rule of thirds is a simple guideline that creates movement while maintaining a degree of order in an image.
It states that the most effective placement for the main subject is at the intersection of lines dividing the image vertically and horizontally into thirds (see example).
During this period of European history, the Catholic Church, which had become wealthy and powerful, came under scrutiny.
For more than a thousand years, the Christian faith bound European states together despite differences in language and culture.
Its all-pervading power affected everyone; from the king to the community members.
One of the main Christian principles is that wealth should be used to alleviate suffering and poverty, and that the church’s financial resources are specifically there for this reason.
For more than a thousand years, the central authority of the church has been in Rome, and this concentration of power and money has led many to question this premise.
Shortly after the outbreak of unrest, Britain initiated a naval blockade of Germany.
The strategy was proven effective; it cut off vital military and civilian supplies, even though the blockade violated widely accepted international laws through various international agreements of the last two centuries.
Britain mined international waters to prevent any ships from entering large portions of the ocean, which would have meant danger even for neutral ships.
Since there was limited reaction to this tactic, Germany expected a similar response regarding its unrestricted submarine warfare.
During the 1920s, the prevailing attitudes of most citizens and nations were pacifism and isolation.
Having witnessed the horrors and atrocities of World War I, nations wanted to avoid such a situation in the future.
In 1884, Tesla moved to the United States of America to accept a job at the Edison Company in New York City.
He arrived in the US with 4 cents to his name, a book of poems, and a letter of recommendation from Charles Batchelor (his manager at his previous job) to Thomas Edison.
Ancient China had a unique way of marking different time periods; each stage of China or each family in power was a separate dynasty.
There was also an unstable period of divided provinces between each dynasty, the most well-known of these periods being the Three Kingdoms period which occurred over the 60 years between the Han and Jin Dynasties.
During these periods, there was fierce warfare between many nobles who fought for the throne.
The Three Kingdoms period was one of the bloodiest eras in ancient Chinese history, with thousands of people dying in the struggle to sit on the highest seat in the grand palace in Xi'an.
There are many social and political effects, such as the adoption of the metric system, a shift from absolutism to republicanism, nationalism, and the belief that the country belongs to the people and not to a single ruler.
After the Revolution, professions were also open to male applicants, allowing the most ambitious and successful to succeed.
The same applies to the military, as military ranks are now based on caliber, rather than class.
The French Revolution also inspired many other oppressed working-class people from other countries to start their own revolutions.
Muhammad was deeply interested in events beyond this earthly life. He frequently visited a cave known as “Hira” on the Mountain of “Noor” (light) for contemplation.
The cave itself, which has survived for a long time, gives a very clear picture of Muhammad’s spiritual inclinations.
The cave is completely isolated from the rest of the world, and rests on top of one of the mountains north of Mecca.
In truth, it is not easy to find, even if one knew it existed. When one is in a cave, it is complete isolation.
Nothing can be seen but the clean, beautiful sky above and the many surrounding mountains. Very little of this world can be heard from inside the cave.
The Great Pyramid of Giza is the only one of the seven wonders that still stands today.
Built by the Egyptians in the third century BCE, the Great Pyramid is one of the many large pyramid structures built to honor the death of the Pharaoh.
The Giza Plateau, or “Giza Necropolis” in the Egyptian Valley of the Dead, contains several pyramids (of which the Great Pyramid is the largest), several small tombs, several temples, and the Great Sphinx.
The great pyramids were created in honor of the Pharaoh Khufu, and many of the smaller pyramids, tombs, and temples were built to honor Khufu's wives and family members.
The “upward curve” mark looks like a V and the “downward curve” mark looks like an apostrophe or a square without its bottom side.
Up means you must start at the point and push the bow, and down means you must start at the frog (that’s where your hand holds the bow) and draw the bow.
An upward inflection usually creates a softer sound, while a downward inflection is stronger and more assertive.
Feel free to add your own markings, but remember that the printed line markings are there for a musical reason, so they should normally be respected.
The frightened King Louis XVI, Queen Marie Antoinette, their two young children (11-year-old Marie Therese and four-year-old Louis-Charles), and the King's sister, Madam Elizabeth, were forced to flee back to Paris from Versailles on October 6, 1789, by a crowd of market women.
In a carriage, they travelled back to Paris while being surrounded by a crowd of people who shouted and threatened the King and Queen.
The crowd of people forced the king and queen to open their carriage windows wide.
At one point, a member of the protesters swung the head of a royal who had been killed near Versailles in front of the terrified Queen.
The war costs of U.S. imperialism in the conquest of the Philippines were paid for by the Filipino people themselves.
They are being compelled to pay taxes to the US colonial regime to resolve a large portion of the expenses and the interest on securities has been driven by Wall Street banking houses in the name of the Philippine government.
Of course, the super profits obtained from the extended exploitation of the Filipino people would constitute the basic profits of U.S. imperialism.
To understand the Temple Servants, one must understand the context that led to the founding of the order.
The era in which the events took place is commonly referred to as the High Middle Ages, the period of European history in the 11th, 12th, and 13th centuries (AD 1000-1300).
The High Middle Ages was preceded by the Early Middle Ages and followed by the Late Middle Ages, which conventionally ended around 1500.
Technological determinism is a term that encompasses a wide range of ideas in practice, from technological push or the technological necessity in a strict sense that human destiny is driven by an underlying logic coupled with scientific laws and their manifestation in technology.
Most critiques of technological determinism share two common ideas: that the development of technology itself follows a path independent of cultural or political influence, and that technology, in turn, delivers “effects” on society that are inherent, rather than socially conditioned.
For example, one could say that the motor car necessarily led to the development of roads.
A nationwide road network, however, is not economically viable for only a handful of cars, so new methods of production are being developed to reduce the cost of car ownership.
Mass vehicle ownership also leads to accidents on the road, which in turn leads to the invention of new techniques in healthcare for the recovery of damaged bodies.
Romanticism contained a large element of cultural determinism, taken from writers such as Goethe, Fichte and Schlegel.
In the context of Romanticism, the physical environment shaped individuals, and over time, customs and culture arose that were connected to that environment, and these things, being in harmony with the place of society, were better than arbitrarily imposed laws.
In the same way that Paris was known as the fashion capital of the contemporary world, Constantinople was considered the fashion capital of feudal Europe.
Its reputation as an epicenter of luxury began around 400 A.D. and lasted until approximately 1100 A.D.
The status declined during the twelfth century mainly due to the fact that the Crusaders returned with gifts such as silk and spices whose value was higher than what Byzantine markets offered.
It was at this time that the transfer of the title of Fashion Capital from Constantinople to Paris was made.
The Gothic style reached its peak between the 10th and 11th centuries and in the 14th century.
The style was initially strongly influenced by Byzantine culture in the east.
Due to slow communication channels, styles in the west can lag behind by 25 to 30 per year.
Closer to the end of the Middle Ages, Western Europe began to develop its own style. One of the biggest developments of the time was due to the Crusades, which led people to start using buttons to fasten clothes.
Subsistence farming is farming done to produce just enough food to satisfy the needs of the farmer and their family.
Subsistence farming is a simple, largely organic system that combines locally adapted seeds – native to the eco-region – with crop rotation or other relatively easy techniques to increase yields.
Historically, most farmers were involved in subsistence farming, and this is still the case in many developing nations.
Individuals with similar feelings of marginalization by community standards are brought together by subcultures, and allowed to develop a sense of identity.
Subcultures are characterized by the members' age, ethnic origin, status, location, and/or gender.
The characteristics that clearly define a subculture may be linguistic, aesthetic, religious, political, sexual, geographical, or a combination of factors.
Members of a subculture regularly indicate their membership through a distinctive and symbolic use of styles, which includes fashions, manners, and informal language use.
One of the most common methods used to illustrate the importance of socialization is by focusing on the few unfortunate cases of children who, through neglect, adverse circumstances, or deliberate abuse, were not socialized by adults while growing up.
Such children are labeled as "runaways" or feral. Some feral children have been confined by people (usually their own parents); in some cases, this abandonment is attributable to parents’ rejection of a child’s severe intellectual or physical limitations.
Wild children may have experienced serious child abuse or trauma before they were abandoned or ran away.
It is claimed that others were raised by animals; some lived on their own in the wilderness.
When a feral child is raised entirely by non-human animals, it exhibits behavior (within physical limits) that is almost entirely like that of the particular nurturing animal, such as fear or indifference towards humans.
While project-based learning should make learning easier and more interesting, scaffolding goes a step further.
Scaffolding is not a method of learning in itself, but rather a tool that supports individuals when they start using a new learning method, such as a new computer program or the beginning of a new project.
Scaffolds can be both virtual or real, in other words, a teacher is a form of scaffold but so too is the little sliding-panel man in Microsoft Office.
Virtual assistants are within the software and are intended to question, accelerate, and clarify procedures for students who would find the process difficult to manage on their own.
Children are placed in foster care for a wide variety of reasons ranging from neglect, to abuse, and even exploitation.
No child should grow up in an environment that isn't nurturing, caring, and educational, but that is the reality.
We view the foster care system as a safe haven for these children.
Our foster care system is intended to provide safe homes, loving caregivers, stable education, and reliable healthcare.
Foster care is intended to provide all the necessities that were previously available in the homes from which they were taken.
The internet combines elements of both mass and interpersonal communication.
The distinctive characteristics of the Internet lead to additional dimensions in terms of uses and rewards approaches.
For example, “learning” and “socializing” are proposed as important motivations for Internet use (James et al., 1995).
When Eighmey and McCord (1998) investigated responses to websites, they identified “Personal Involvement” and “Ongoing Relationships” as new motivational aspects.
The use of video recording has led to important discoveries in the interpretation of micro-expressions, facial movements that last a few milliseconds.
Notably, it is reported that one can detect when a person is lying by correctly interpreting microexpressions.
Oliver Sacks, in his document "The President's Speech," indicated how people who were unable to understand the speech due to brain damage were nevertheless able to accurately assess sincerity.
He even suggested that such abilities to interpret human behaviour are shared by animals such as domestic dogs.
Research from the twentieth century has shown that there are two pools of genetic variation: hidden and expressed.
The mutation process adds new genetic variation, and selection removes it from the pool of expressed variation.
Segregation and recombination shuffle variation back and forth between the two pools of each generation.
On the savanna, it is difficult for a primate with a digestive system like that of humans to satisfy its amino acid needs with the plants that are available there.
Furthermore, failing to do so had serious consequences: stunted growth, malnutrition, and ultimately, death.
The most easily accessible plant sources would have been the proteins found in leaves and legumes, but these are difficult for primates like us to digest unless they are cooked.
In contrast, animal foods (ants, termites, eggs) are not only easily digestible, but they also offer high-quality protein containing all the essential amino acids.
Taking everything into account, we shouldn't be surprised if our ancestors solved their own "protein problem" in a way similar to how some chimpanzees on the savanna do today.
Sleep interruption is the process of consciously waking up during your normal sleep period and falling back asleep shortly afterwards (10-60 minutes).
It can easily be done by using a relatively quiet alarm clock to bring you back to awareness without fully waking you up.
If you find yourself setting the clock across the room while sleepy, it can be placed on the other side of the room, forcing you to get out of bed to turn it off.
Other biorhythm-based options include drinking plenty of fluids (especially water or tea, a known diuretic) before bedtime, which forces you to get up to urinate.
The amount of inner peace a person possesses correlates with the amount of tension in one’s body and mind.
The lower the tension, the more positive the life force present. Every person has the potential to find absolute peace and contentment.
Everyone can achieve relief. The only thing standing in the way of this goal is our own stress and negativity.
Tibetan Buddhism is based on the teachings of the Buddha, but has been expanded by the Mahayana path of love and by many techniques from Indian Yoga.
In principle, Tibetan Buddhism is very simple. It consists of Kundalini Yoga, meditation, and the path of all-encompassing love.
With Kundalini Yoga, the Kundalini energy (energy of enlightenment) is awakened through yoga postures, breathing exercises, mantras, and visualizations.
The central point of Tibetan meditation is Deity Yoga. Through the visualization of various deities, the energy channels are cleansed, the chakras are activated, and enlightened awareness is created.
Germany was a common enemy in World War 2, led by the USSR and the USA. With the end of the war and clashes of system, process and culture leading to the countries that fell out.
Within two years of the war’s end, former allies had become current enemies, and the Cold War began.
It was the last for the next 40 years and would truly be fought, by standing troops, on battlefields from Africa to Asia, in Afghanistan, Cuba and many other places.
By September 17, 1939, the Polish defense had already been broken and the only hope was to retreat and reorganize along the Roman bridgehead.
However it happened, she overnight devised these plans when 800,000 soldiers of the Soviet Union’s Red Army entered and created Belarusian and Ukrainian fronts after entering the eastern regions of Poland in violation of the Treaty of Riga, the Soviet-Polish Non-Aggression Pact, and international agreements, both bilateral and multilateral.
The use of ships to transport goods is by far the most effective way to move large quantities of people and goods across the oceans.
The work of the fleet was traditionally to ensure that your country retains the ability to move its people and goods, while simultaneously interfering with the enemy's ability to move its people and goods.
One of the most remarkable recent examples of this was the North Atlantic expedition of WWII. The Americans attempted to get personnel and supplies across the Atlantic Ocean to help Britain.
At the same time, the German fleet, which mostly used U-boats, tried to stop the traffic.
Had the Allies failed, Germany would most likely have been able to defeat Britain, as it could conquer the rest of Europe.
Goats were first domesticated around 10,000 years ago in the Zagros Mountains of Iran.
Ancient cultures and tribes began to domesticate them for easy access to milk, hair, meat, and hides.
Domesticated goats are commonly kept in herds that roamed the hills and other grazing areas, and were looked after by goat herders who were often children or teenagers, similar to the more well-known sheep herders. These methods of care are still used today.
Waspore was built in England as early as the 16th century.
Although wagons generally consisted of parallel wooden planks, they allowed the horses pulling them to do so at greater speeds and with heavier loads than would have been possible traveling on the almost rough roads of the day.
Crossbeams were installed relatively early to keep the tracks in place. However, it was gradually realised that the tracks would be more effective if there was an iron strip on top.
It became common practice, but the iron caused more wear and tear on the wooden wheels of the wagons.
Eventually, wooden wheels were replaced by iron wheels. In 1767, the first purely iron rails were introduced.
The first known method of transportation was walking; people began walking upright two million years ago with the emergence of Homo Erectus (which means upright man).
Their predecessor, the Australopithecus, did not normally walk upright.
Bipedal specializations are found in Australopithecus fossils dating from 4.2 - 3.9 million years ago, although Sahelanthropus already walked on two legs as early as seven million years ago.
We can start living more kindly towards the environment, we can join the environmental movement, and we can even become activists to combat future suffering to some extent.
It's because symptomatic treatment is often the case. However, if we aren't just looking for a temporary solution, we should find the root of the problems and render them harmless.
It is clear enough that the world has changed greatly as a result of humanity’s scientific and technological advancements, and problems have grown larger due to overpopulation and humanity’s excessive lifestyle.
After adoption by Congress on July 4th, a handwritten draft signed by the President of Congress John Hancock and the Secretary Charles Thomson was then sent a few blocks away to the printing shop of John Dunlap.
Throughout the night, between 150 and 200 copies were made, now known as “Dunlap broadsides.”
The first public reading of the document was by John Nixon on the site of Independence Hall on July 8.
One was sent to George Washington on July 6th, who had it read to his troops in New York on July 9th. A copy reached London on August 10th.
The 25 Dunlap broadsides that still exist are known as the oldest copies of the document still in existence. The original handwritten copy has not survived.
Many paleontologists today believe that one group of dinosaurs survived and still lives today. We call them birds.
Many people don't think of them as dinosaurs because they have feathers and can fly.
There are many birds that still look like dinosaurs.
They have feet with scales and claws, they lay eggs, and they walk on their two hind legs like a T-Rex.
Almost all computers in use today are based on the manipulation of information encoded in the form of binary numbers.
A binary number can only have one of two values, i.e. 0 or 1, and these numbers are referred to as binary digits – or bits, to use computer terminology.
Internal poisoning may not be immediately obvious. Symptoms such as vomiting are common enough that an immediate diagnosis cannot be made.
The best indication of internal poisoning may be the presence of an open container of medication or household chemicals.
Look at the label for specific first aid instructions for that specific poison.
The term "insect" is used by entomologists in a formal sense for the group of insects.
The term is derived from an ancient familiarity with bed bugs, which are insects highly adapted to parasitize humans.
Both assassin bugs and bed bugs are nidicolous, adapted to live in the nest or home of their host.
Across the United States of America, there are approximately 400,000 cases of Multiple Sclerosis (MS), making it the most common neurological disease in younger and middle-aged adult populations.
MS is a disease that affects the central nervous system, which includes the brain, spinal cord, and optic nerve.
Research finds that women are twice as likely to get MS as men.
A couple may decide it is not in their best interest, or in the best interest of their child, to raise a baby.
These couples can choose to create an adoption plan for their baby.
With an adoption, the birth parents terminate their parenthood so that another couple may adopt the child.
The main goal of science is to find out how the world works through a scientific method. This method actually guides most scientific research.
Although it is not solely this, experimentation, and an experiment in a test used to eliminate one or more possible hypotheses, asking questions, and making observations also guide scientific research.
Naturalists and philosophers focused on classical texts and especially on the Bible in Latin.
Aristotle’s views on all scientific matters, including psychology, were accepted.
As knowledge of Greek declined, the West found itself cut off from its Greek philosophical and scientific roots.
Many have observed rhythms in physiology, and behaviour is often highly dependent on the presence of endogenous cycles and their production by biological clocks.
Periodic rhythms, which are not merely responses to external periodic signals, have been recorded for most living organisms, including bacteria, fungi, plants, and animals.
Biological clocks are self-sustaining oscillators that will continue a period of free-running cycles, even in the absence of external cues.
The Hershey and Chase experiment was one of the main proposals that DNA is genetic material.
Hershey and Chase used phages or viruses to implant their own DNA into a bacterium.
They performed two experiments, one of which labeled the DNA in the phage with radioactive phosphorus and the other of which labeled the phage protein with radioactive sulfur.
Mutations can have a variety of effects depending on the type of mutation, the importance of the affected piece of genetic material, and whether the affected cells are germline cells.
Only mutations in germline cells can be passed on to children, while mutations in other locations can cause cell death or cancer.
Nature-based tourism attracts people who are interested in visiting natural areas with the purpose of enjoying the environment, including the plant and animal life.
Examples of activities on the property include hunting, fishing, photography, bird watching, visiting parks, and studying information about the ecosystem.
An example is to visit Borneo and learn about orangutans and photograph them.
Every morning people leave the small towns in cars to go to their workplaces, and are passed by others whose workplace is the area they just left.
In this dynamic vehicle, everyone is in some way connected to and supports a transportation system based on private cars.
Science indicates that this massive carbon economy has disrupted the stable conditions of the biosphere that have supported human evolution for the last two million years.
Everyone participates in the community and uses the transport systems. Almost everyone complains about the transport systems.
In developed countries, you rarely hear comparable levels of complaints about water quality or bridges collapsing.
Why do transport systems breed such complaints, why do they fail on a daily basis? Are transport engineers simply incompetent? Or is something more fundamental going on?
Traffic flow is the study of the movement of individual drivers and vehicles between two points and the interactions they have with each other.
Unfortunately, a study of traffic flow is difficult because driver behavior cannot be predicted with one hundred percent certainty.
Fortunately, drivers behave within a reasonably consistent range; and thus, traffic flows have a reasonable consistency and can be roughly represented mathematically.
To better represent traffic flow, relationships have been established between the 3 main characteristics: (1) flow, (2) density, and (3) speed.
These relationships assist in the planning, design, and operation of roadway facilities.
Insects were the first animals to fly. Their ability to fly helped them to avoid their enemies more easily and to find food and mates more efficiently.
Most insects have the advantage of being able to fold their wings back onto their bodies.
It offers them a wider variety of small places to hide from predators.
Currently, the only insects that cannot fold their wings back are lacewings and mayflies.
Thousands of years ago, a man named Aristarchus said that the solar system revolves around the Sun.
Some people thought he was right, but many people believe the opposite; that the Solar System revolves around the Earth, including the Sun (and even the other stars).
It makes sense, because the Earth doesn't feel like it's moving, does it?
The Amazon River is the second longest and the largest river on Earth. It carries more than 8 times more water than the second largest river.
The Amazon is also the widest river on Earth, sometimes six miles wide.
A full 20 percent of the water that flows from the planet's rivers into oceans comes from the Amazon.
The main river of the Amazon River is 6,387 km (3,980 miles). It collects water from thousands of smaller rivers.
Although pyramid construction in stone continued until the end of the Old Kingdom, the pyramids of Giza were never surpassed in size and technical excellence of construction.
New Kingdom ancient Egyptians were astonished by the monuments of their predecessors, which were then well over a thousand years old.
The population of Vatican City is approximately 800. It is the smallest independent country in the world and the country with the lowest population.
Vatican City uses Italian in its legislation and official communication.
Italian is also the daily language used by many in states where Latin is regularly used in religious ceremonies.
All citizens of Vatican City are Roman Catholic.
People have known about basic chemical elements such as gold, silver, and copper since ancient times, and all of these can be found in nature in their basic form and are relatively easy to mine with primitive tools.
Aristotle, a philosopher, theorized that everything consists of a mixture of one or more of four elements, namely earth, water, air and fire.
This was more like the four states of matter (in the same order): solid, liquid, gas, and plasma, although he has a theory that they can transform into new forms that we see.
Alloys are basically a mixture of two or more metals. Don't forget that there are many elements on the periodic table.
Elements such as calcium and potassium are considered metals. Of course, there are also metals like silver and gold.
There may also be alloys that contain small amounts of non-metal elements, such as carbon.
Everything in the Universe is made of matter. All matter is made of tiny particles, called atoms.
Atoms are so incredibly small that trillions of them could fit on the period at the end of this sentence.
Thus, the pencil was a good friend to many when it first came out.
Unfortunately, the pencil's status and use declined as newer writing methods were adopted.
People now write messages on computer screens and don't need to get close to a sharpener.
One can only wonder what will become of the keyboard when something newer comes along.
A fission bomb works on the principle that it takes energy to assemble a nucleus with many protons and neutrons.
It's almost like pushing a heavy wagon up a hill. The splitting of a nucleus releases some of that energy.
Some atoms have unstable nuclei which means they decay with little or no prompting.
The surface of the Moon is made of rocks and dust. The outermost layer of the Moon is called the crust.
The crust is approximately 70km thick on the near side and 100 km thick on the far side.
It is thinner under the oceans and thicker under the highlands.
There may be more magma on the near side because the crust is thinner. It was easier for lava to rise to the surface.
Content theories are centered around what motivates or satisfies people.
These theories posit that people have certain needs and/or desires that are internalized as they mature.
These theories explore what drives certain people to want the things they do and the elements in their environment that cause them to do, or not do, certain things.
Two popular content theories are Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs Theory and Herzberg's Two-Factor Theory.
Generally, two types of behaviour can emerge when managers begin to lead their former colleagues. One end of the spectrum is to remain “one of the guys” (or girls).
This type of manager struggles to make unpopular decisions, carry out disciplinary actions, evaluate employee performance, delegate responsibilities, and hold employees accountable.
On the other end of the spectrum, a person transforms into an unrecognizable individual who feels they must change everything the team was doing and make it their own.
The leader is, after all, responsible for the success or failure of the team.
This behaviour invariably causes a rift between leaders and the rest of the team.
Virtual teams are held to the same standards of excellence as conventional teams, but there are subtle differences.
Virtual team members frequently serve as the point of contact for their immediate physical group.
They often have more autonomy than conventional team members since their teams meet across different time zones, which may not be understood by their local management.
The presence of a true “invisible team” (Larson and LaFasto, 1989, p.109) is also a unique component of a visual team.
The “invisible team” is the management team to which each member reports. The invisible team sets the standards for each member there.
Why would an organization go through such a time-consuming process to establish a learning organization? One purpose of implementing organizational learning concepts in practice is innovation.
When all available resources are used effectively across functional departments of an organization, creativity and ingenuity can emerge.
As a result, the process of an organization works together to overcome the obstacle and can lead to a new innovation process to serve the client's needs.
Leadership must create a culture of creation, as well as shared knowledge and organized study, before an organization can be innovative.
Angel (2006) explained the Continuum approach as a method used to help organizations achieve a higher level of performance.
Neurobiological data provides physical evidence for a theoretical approach to the investigation of cognition. Thus, it narrows the research area and makes it more precise.
The correlation between brain pathology and behaviour supports scientists in their research.
It has long been known that different types of brain injury, traumas, fissures and tumors affect behaviour and, in some cases, alter certain mental functions.
The rise of new technologies allows us to see and investigate brain structures and processes like never before.
This provides us with a lot of information and material to build simulation models to help us understand the processes in our minds.
Although AI has a strong association with science fiction, AI forms a very important branch of computer science, dealing with behaviour, learning, and intelligent adaptation in a machine.
Research in AI involves making machines to automate tasks that require intelligent behavior.
Examples include control, planning and scheduling, the ability to answer client diagnoses and questions, as well as handwriting recognition, voice and facial recognition.
Such things have become separate disciplines, focusing on providing solutions to real-life problems.
The AI system is now regularly used in the fields of economics, medicine, engineering, and the military, and is also built into various home computers and video game software applications.
Field trips are a big part of any classroom. A teacher often wants to take her students to places where a bus trip is not an option.
Technology offers the solution with virtual field trips. Students can view museum artifacts, visit an aquarium, or admire beautiful art while sitting in the classroom.
Sharing a virtual field trip is also a good way to reflect on a field trip and share experiences with future classes.
For example, every year students from Bennet School in North Carolina design a website about their trip to the state capital; each year the website is redesigned, but older versions are kept online and serve as a scrapbook.
Web journals can also help to improve students’ writing skills. While students typically begin their web journal experience with messy language and spelling, the presence of an audience usually changes this.
Since students are often the most critical audience, the weblog writer strives for improved writing to avoid criticism.
Blogging “forces students to become more knowledgeable about the world around them.” The necessity to feed the interest of the audience inspires students to be clever and interesting (Toto, 2004).
A blog is a tool that inspires collaboration and encourages students to take learning far beyond the traditional school day.
Appropriate use of blogs can empower students to become more analytical and critical; by actively responding to online materials, students can define their positions in the context of others’ writings, as well as develop their own perspectives on specific issues (Oravec, 2002).
Ottawa is Canada's charming, bilingual capital and features a collection of art galleries and museums that showcase Canada's past and present.
Further south are Niagara Falls, and to the north lies the pristine natural beauty of Muskoka and the surrounding area.
All these things and more characterize Ontario as more distinctly Canadian than outsiders perceive.
Large areas further north are sparsely populated, and some are almost uninhabited wilderness.
For a population comparison that will surprise many: There are more African Americans living in the USA than there are Canadian citizens.
The East African Islands are in the Indian Ocean near the east coast of Africa.
When it comes to wildlife, Madagascar is by far the largest and a continent on its own.
Most of the smaller islands are independent nations, or are associated with France, and are known as luxury beach resorts.
The Arabs also brought Islam to the lands, and it took strong root in the Comoros and Mayotte.
European influence and colonialism began in the 15th century, as the explorer Vasco da Gama discovered the Cape Route from Europe to India.
In the north, the region is bordered by the Sahel, and in the south and west by the Atlantic Ocean.
Women: It is recommended that any female travellers state that they are married, regardless of their actual marital status.
It also helps to wear a ring (as long as it's not one that looks expensive).
Women need to realize that cultural differences may cause them to feel harassed, and that it is not unusual to be followed, grabbed by the arm, etc.
Be firm when guiding men, and don't be afraid to stand up for yourself (Cultural differences or not, it doesn't make it right!).
The modern city of Casablanca was founded by Berber fishermen in the 10th century BC and was used by the Phoenicians, Romans and the Marinids as a strategic port known as Anfa.
The Portuguese destroyed it and rebuilt it under the name Casa Branca, only to abandon it again after the earthquake in 1755.
The Moroccan sultan rebuilt the city as Daru I-Badya, and it was given the name Casablanca by Spanish merchants who established trading bases there.
Casablanca is one of the less interesting shops to do shopping in all of Morocco.
Around the old Medina, it’s easy to find places selling traditional Moroccan goods, such as Moroccan tagines, pottery, leather goods, hookahs, and a whole spectrum of knick-knacks, but it’s all for the tourists.
Goma is a tourist city in the Democratic Republic of the Congo in the far east, near Rwanda.
In 2002, Goma was devastated by lava from the Nyiragongo volcano, which buried most of the town's streets, especially the city center.
While Goma is relatively safe, any travel outside of Goma should be investigated to understand the state of fighting in the North Kivu province continues.
The city is also the starting point for climbing the Nyiragongo volcano, along with the cheapest mountain gorilla trekking in Africa.
You can use boda-bodas (motorbike taxis) to explore Goma. The normal (local) price is ~ 500 Congolese Francs for a short ride.
Combined with its relative inaccessibility, “Timbuktu” is now used as a metaphor for exotic, faraway lands.
Today, Timbuktu is a impoverished town, although its reputation makes it a tourist attraction, and it has an airport.
In 1990, it was added to the list of World Heritage Sites in danger, due to the threats of the desert sands.
It was one of the most significant stopping points during Henry Louis Gates’s special PBS program, Wonders of the African World.
The city stands in stark contrast to the rest of the country's cities, as it has more of an Arabic flair than an Afrikaans one.
The Kruger National Park (KNP) is located in the northeastern part of South Africa and follows the border of Mozambique to the east, Zimbabwe to the north, and its southern border is the Crocodile River.
The park covers 19,500 km² and is divided into 14 different eco-zones, each supporting diverse wildlife.
It is one of the main attractions of South Africa and is considered the flagship of South African National Parks (SANParks).
As with all South African National Parks, there are daily conservation and access fees for the park.
It may also be beneficial to purchase a “Wild Card” which grants access to a selection of parks in South Africa or to all of South Africa’s National Parks.
Hong Kong Island gives the area of Hong Kong its name and it is the place that many tourists consider the main focus.
The parade of buildings that defines Hong Kong’s skyline has already been compared to a glittering column chart, accentuated by the presence of the waters of Victoria Harbour.
To see the best views of Hong Kong, leave the island and travel to the Kowloon waterfront across the harbour.
The vast majority of Hong Kong Island’s rural development is densely packed on reclaimed land along the northern shore.
This is the place the British colonizers seized for themselves, so if you are looking for evidence of the area’s colonial past, this is a good place to start.
The Sundarbans is the largest coastal mangrove forest in the world, extending 80 km (50 miles) inland from the coast into the Bangladeshi and Indian hinterland.
The Sundarbans has been declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The part of the forest that falls within Indian territory is called the Sundarbans National Park.
The forests are not merely halophytic swamps – they include some of the last remaining stands of mighty forests that once covered the Gangetic plain.
The Sundarbans covers an area of 3,850 km², of which approximately one-third is covered in water/wetland areas.
The Sundarbans have been a wildlife sanctuary since 1966, and it is estimated that there are now approximately 400 Royal Bengal tigers and about 30,000 spotted deer in the area.
Buses depart from the inter-district bus station (across the river) throughout the day, although most, especially those heading east and departing for Jakar/Bumthang between 06:30 and 07:30, do so.
Since inter-district buses are frequently full, it is recommended that you buy a ticket a few days in advance.
Most districts are served by Japanese Coaster buses, which are reliable and robust.
Shared rental cars are a quick and convenient way to travel to nearby places, such as Paru (Nu 150) and Punakha (Nu 200).
The Oyapock River Bridge is a suspension bridge. It spans the Oyapock River to connect the cities of Oiapoque in Brazil and Saint-Georges de l'Oyapock in French Guiana.
The two towers rise to a height of 83 meters and are 378 meters long, with two lanes each 3.50 meters wide.
The vertical clearance under the bridge is 15 meters. Construction was completed in August 2011, but it was not open to traffic until March 2017.
The bridge will be fully operational according to schedule in September 2017, when the Brazilian customs checkpoints are expected to be completed.
The Guarani were the most remarkable indigenous group that inhabited the area now known as Eastern Paraguay, and they inhabited the area as semi-nomadic hunters who also practiced subsistence farming.
The Chaco region was home to other indigenous tribes, such as the Guaycurú and the Payaguá, who survived by hunting, gathering food, and fishing.
In the 16th century, Paraguay, formerly known as “The Great Province of the Indies”, was born as a result of the clashes between Spanish conquerors and the local indigenous groups.
The Spanish began the colonization period that lasted for three centuries.
Since the founding of Asunción in 1537, Paraguay has managed to retain much of its indigenous character and identity.
Argentina is well-known for having the best polo teams and players in the world.
The biggest tournament of the year takes place in December at the polo fields in Las Cañitas.
Smaller tournaments and matches can also be seen here at other times of the year.
For news about tournaments and where to buy tickets for polo matches, check the Asociación Argentina de Polo.
The official Falkland Islands currency is the Falkland pound (FKP), which is equivalent in value to one British pound (GBP).
Money can be exchanged at the only bank on the islands, located in Stanley across from the FIC West store.
British pounds will be widely accepted throughout the islands, and within Stanley credit cards and United States dollars are also frequently accepted.
On the remote islands, credit cards will most likely not be accepted, although British and United States currencies will be taken; ask the owners beforehand to determine what the accepted payment method would be.
It is almost impossible to exchange Falkland Islands currency outside the islands, so exchange your money before leaving the islands.
Since Montevideo is south of the Equator, it is summer there when it is winter in the Northern Hemisphere, and vice versa.
Montevideo is in a subtropical region; during the summer months, temperatures above +30°C are common.
Winter can be deceptively cold: temperatures will rarely drop below freezing, but the wind and humidity combined make it feel colder than the thermometer says.
There are no distinct “rainy” and “dry” seasons: the amount of rainfall remains roughly the same throughout the year.
Although many of the animals in the park are accustomed to seeing people, nature is nonetheless wild and should not be fed or disturbed.
According to park authorities, stay at least 100 meters away from bears and wolves, and 25 meters from all other wild animals.
It doesn't matter how gentle they appear, buffalo, kudu, American deer, bears and almost all large animals can attack.
Every year, thousands of visitors are injured because they didn't keep a proper distance. These animals are large, wild, and potentially dangerous, so give them their space.
Please be aware that scents attract bears and other wildlife, so avoid carrying or cooking strongly scented foods and keep the campsite clean.
Apia is the capital of Samoa. The town is located on the island of Upolu and has a population of just under 40,000.
Apia was founded in the 1850s and has been the capital of Samoa since 1959.
The harbour was the site of a notorious fleet stand-off in 1889 when seven ships from Germany, the USA and Britain refused to leave the harbour.
All the ships were sunk, except for one British warship. Nearly 200 American and German lives were lost.
During the struggle for independence organized by the Mau movement, a peaceful gathering in the town resulted in the death of chief Tupua Tamasese Lealofi III.
There are many beaches, due to the fact that Auckland stretches across two harbours. The most popular ones are in three areas.
North Coast beaches (in the North Harbour district) are on the Pacific Ocean and stretch from Long Bay in the north to Devonport in the south.
They are almost all sandy beaches with safe swimming spots, and most have shaded areas provided by the pohutukawa trees.
Tamaki Drive beaches are on the Waitemata Harbour, in the luxurious suburbs of Mission Bay and St Heliers in Central Auckland.
There are sometimes crowded family beaches with a good range of shops at the edge of the beach. Swimming is safe.
The main local beer is ‘Number One’, it’s not a complex beer, but pleasant and refreshing. The other local beer is called “Manta”.
There are many French wines available, but New Zealand and Australian wines might transport better.
The local tap water is perfectly safe to drink, but bottled water is readily available if you are concerned.
For Australians, the idea of a 'flat white' coffee is foreign. A short black is 'espresso', cappuccino is served with cream piled on top (not foam), and tea is served without milk.
The hot chocolate is equivalent to Belgian standards. Fruit juices are expensive but excellent.
Many trips are undertaken to the coral reefs throughout the year, and injuries to the coral reef due to any of these causes are rare.
However, take advice from authorities, obey all notices, and pay attention to safety warnings.
Box jellyfish appear near beaches and river mouths from October to April north of 1770. They can occasionally be found outside of these times.
Sharks do exist, but very rarely attack humans. Most sharks are afraid of people and will swim away.
Saltwater crocodiles don’t actually live in the ocean; their primary habitat is in river estuaries north of Rockhampton.
Pre-booked accommodation gives travelers peace of mind knowing they will have somewhere to sleep when they arrive at their destination.
Travel agents often have agreements with specific hotels, although you may find it impossible to book other types of accommodation, such as campsites, through a travel agent.
Travel agents usually offer packages that include breakfast, transportation arrangements to/from the airport, and even combined flight and hotel packages.
They can also hold the bookings for you if you need time to think about the offer or to get other documents for your destination (e.g., visa).
Any changes or inquiries, however, must go through the travel agent and not directly to the hotel.
For some music festivals, the majority of attendees decide to camp on the grounds, and most see it as an essential part of the experience.
If you want to be close to the action, you will have to arrive early to get a campsite near the music.
Remember that although music on the main stages may come to an end, there may be areas of the festival that will continue playing music late into the night.
Some festivals have special camping areas for families with young children.
When the Northern Baltic region is crossed in winter, ensure you know the location of the huts, as they create a great deal of noise, for those most affected, to break through the ice.
Saint Petersburg boat trips include time in the city. Passengers on the trips are exempt from visa requirements (ensure you verify the terms).
Casinos usually go to great lengths to maximize the amount of money spent by guests. Windows and clocks are typically absent, and exits may be difficult to find.
To stick to their core principle, as well as to keep guests in a good mood, they usually had special offers on food, drinks and entertainment.
Some places offer free alcoholic drinks. However, intoxication affects your judgement, and all good gamblers realise the importance of staying sober.
Anyone driving over mountain passes at high altitudes should consider the possibility of snow, ice, or temperatures below freezing.
Friction on icy and snowy roads is very low, and you cannot drive as if you are on a bare tar road.
During snowstorms, enough snow can fall quickly in a short period of time to trap you.
Visibility may also be restricted by falling or wind-driven snow, or by condensation of ice on vehicle windows.
On the other hand, ice and snow conditions are normal in many countries, and traffic continues uninterrupted throughout the year.
Safaris are perhaps the biggest tourist attraction in Africa and the highlight for many visitors.
The popular term "safari," commonly used, refers to overland travel to view the beautiful African wildlife, especially on savannas.
Some animals, such as elephants and giraffes, tend to come too close to cars, and standard equipment will allow for good viewing.
Lions, cheetahs, and leopards are sometimes shy, and you will see them better with binoculars.
A walking safari (also called a "bush walk", "loop safari", or going "for a walk") consists of a walk lasting from a few hours to a few days.
The Paralympic Games will take place from August 24th to September 5th, 2021. Some events will be held in other locations in Japan.
Tokyo will be the only Asian city to have hosted two Summer Olympic Games, after hosting the games in 1964.
If you booked your flights and accommodation for 2020 before the postponement was announced, you may be in a difficult situation.
Cancellation policies vary, but from late March, most coronavirus-based cancellation policies do not extend to June 2020, when the Olympic Games are scheduled.
It is expected that most tickets will cost between ¥2,500 and ¥130,000, with typical tickets costing around ¥7,000.
By ironing damp clothes, they dry faster. Many hotels have an iron and ironing board available to borrow, even if there isn't one in the room.
If an iron isn't available or you don't like wearing ironed socks, then you can try using a hairdryer, if one is available.
Be careful that the material doesn't get too hot (otherwise it may shrink or, in extreme cases, become scorched).
There are many ways to purify water, some are more effective against specific threats.
In some areas, boiling water for a minute is enough, while in others a few minutes are necessary.
Filters vary in effectiveness, and if you are concerned, you should consider buying your water in a sealed bottle from a reputable company.
Travellers may encounter animal diseases with which they are unfamiliar in their home regions.
Pests can spoil food, cause irritation, or in the worst case, cause allergic reactions, spread poison, or transmit infections.
Infectious diseases themselves, or dangerous animals that can injure or kill people with violence, do not usually qualify as plagues.
Duty-free shopping is the opportunity to buy goods, exempt from taxes and duties in certain places.
Travellers to countries with high taxes can sometimes save a significant amount of money, especially on products such as alcoholic beverages and tobacco.
The section between Point Marion and Fairmont provides the most challenging driving conditions on the Buffalo-Pittsburgh Highway, where it frequently goes into remote inland terrain.
If you are not accustomed to driving on rural roads, keep your distance: steep gradients, narrow lanes, and sharp curves prevail.
Speed limits are noticeably lower than in previous and subsequent sections – typically 35-40mph (56-64 km/h) – and strict adherence to them is even more important than usual.
Strangely enough, the cell service here is better than in many other parts of the route, for example, the Pennsylvania Wilds.
German pastries are quite delicious, and in Bavaria, they are rather rich and varied, similar to those of their southern neighbours, Austria.
Fruit pies are common, with apples being baked in pies throughout the year, and cherries and plums making their appearance during the summer months.
Many German baked goods also contain almonds, hazelnuts, and other tree nuts. Popular cakes are often well-suited with a cup of strong coffee.
If you want small but rich dough pastries, try what is called, depending on the region you are in, the Berliner, Pfannkuchen or Krapfen.
A curry is a dish based on herbs and spices together with meat or vegetables.
A curry can be either “dry” or “wet”, depending on the amount of liquid.
In the inland regions of Northern India and Pakistan, yogurt is common in curries; in Southern India and some other coastal regions of the subcontinent, coconut milk is commonly used.
With 17,000 islands to choose from, Indonesian cuisine is an overarching term that encompasses a wide variety of local dishes from across the nation.
However, when used with further qualifiers, the term tends to refer to food originally from the central and eastern parts of inland Java.
Javanese cuisine, now widely available throughout the archipelago, is characterized by simply flavored dishes, with peanuts, chili peppers, sugar (specifically Javanese palm sugar), and various aromatic spices being the prominent flavoring agents.
Stirrups are for supporting the rider's feet which hang on either side of the saddle.
They offer greater stability for the rider, but can pose safety risks due to the possibility of the rider's feet getting stuck in them.
If a horse throws its rider and their foot gets caught in the stirrup, they can be dragged along if the horse runs away. To reduce this risk, several safety measures can be taken.
Firstly, most riders wear riding boots with a heel and a smooth, fairly narrow sole.
Next, some saddles, especially English saddles, have safety bars that allow a stirrup leather to detach from the saddle if pulled backwards by a falling rider.
Cochamó Valley – Chile's largest climbing destination, known as the Yosemite of South America, featuring a variety of large granite walls and rocks.
Mountain peaks encompass breathtaking views of summits. Climbers from all over the world continually seek new routes amongst the endless rock faces.
Downhill snow sports, including skiing and snowboarding, are popular sports involving gliding down a snow-covered terrain with skis or a snowboard attached to your feet.
Skiing is a major travel activity with many enthusiasts, occasionally known as "ski bums" who plan entire vacations around skiing at a particular location.
The idea of skiing is very old – cave paintings dating back as far as 5,000 BC depict skiers!
Downhill skiing as a sport dates back to at least the 17th century, and in 1861 the first recreational ski club was opened by Norwegians in Australia.
Ski touring: This activity can also be called backcountry skiing, ski touring, or ski hiking.
It is related to that, but does not include alpine ski touring or mountaineering, the latter of which is done on steep terrain and requires stiffer skis and boots.
Think of a ski route as similar to a hiking trail.
In good conditions, you will cover somewhat greater distances than by walking – but only very rarely will you reach the speed of cross-country skiing without a heavy backpack on well-groomed trails.
Europe is a continent that is relatively small but with many independent countries. Under normal circumstances, traveling through multiple countries would have meant going through visa applications and passport control points multiple times.
The Schengen Area, nevertheless, functions somewhat like one country in this regard.
As long as you remain in this zone, you can generally cross borders without going through passport control checkpoints again.
By having a Schengen visa, you do not need to apply separately for each of the Schengen member countries, thereby saving time, money, and paperwork.
There is no universal definition of what manufactured items qualify as antiques. Some tax agencies define goods over 100 years old as antiques.
The definition includes geographical variations, where the age limit may be shorter in places like North America than in Europe.
Handmade products may be defined as antiques, even if they are newer than comparable mass-produced items.
Reindeer herding is an important livelihood among the Sámi, and the culture surrounding the trade is also important for others with many different professions.
Even traditionally, not all Sámi were involved in large-scale reindeer herding, but they survived through fishing, hunting, or similar occupations, and used reindeer mostly as pack animals.
Many Sámi people work in modern crafts these days. Tourism is an important source of income in Sápmi, the Sámi area.
Although it is widely used, especially among non-Roma, the word “Gypsy” is often considered offensive because it is associated with negative stereotypes and inaccurate perceptions of the Roma people.
If the country you wish to visit is subject to a travel warning, your travel health insurance or your cancellation insurance may be affected.
You are also welcome to consult the advice of states other than your own, but their advice is designed for their citizens.
As one example, American citizens in the Middle East may encounter different situations than Europeans or Arabs.
Advisories are merely a brief summary of the political situation in one country.
The opinions presented are often superficial, broad, and oversimplified in comparison to the more comprehensive information available elsewhere.
Adverse weather conditions is the generic term for any dangerous weather phenomenon that has the potential to cause damage, serious social disruption, or loss of life.
Severe weather can occur anywhere in the world, and there are different types of it, which can depend on geography, topography, and atmospheric conditions.
Strong winds, hail, heavy rain, and wildfires are forms and consequences of severe weather, as are thunderstorms, tornadoes, waterspouts, and cyclones.
Regional and seasonal weather phenomena include severe snow driven by strong winds, heavy snowfall, ice storms, and dust storms.
Travelers are strongly advised to be aware of any risk of severe weather affecting their area as it may affect any travel plans.
Anyone planning a visit to a country considered a war zone should receive professional training.
A search on the internet for “hostile environments course” will most likely yield the address of a local company.
A course will normally cover all the issues discussed here in greater detail, usually with practical experience.
A course is usually between 2 to 5 days and will include role-playing, a lot of first aid, and sometimes weapons training.
Books and magazines dealing with wilderness survival are common, but publications dealing with war zones are scarce.
Travellers planning gender reassignment surgeries abroad should ensure they have valid documents for the return journey.
The eagerness of governments to issue passports where gender is not indicated (X) or to update documents to align a preferred name and gender varies.
Foreign governments’ willingness to comply with these documents is equally inconsistent.
Searches at security checkpoints have also become more intrusive after the post-September 11, 2001 era.
Pre-operative transgender individuals should not expect to go through the scrutiny without their privacy and dignity being compromised.
Rip currents are the return flow of waves breaking off the beach, usually at a reef or similar structure.
Due to the underwater topography, the backflow is more concentrated in a few deeper areas, and a rapid rip current towards deeper water may form there.
Most deaths occur as a result of exhaustion when one tries to swim back against the current, which may be impossible.
As soon as you are out of the current, swimming back is no more difficult than usual.
Try to move somewhere you won’t get trapped again, depending on your skills and whether you’ve been noticed, and perhaps wait for rescue.
Re-entry shock comes on sooner than culture shock (there is less of a honeymoon phase), lasts longer, and can be more severe.
Travellers who easily adapted to the new culture find it difficult to readjust to their native culture.
When you return after living abroad, have you already adapted to the new culture and lost some of your habits from your home culture?
When you first went abroad, people were surely patient and understanding, knowing that travelers need to adjust to a new country.
People shouldn't expect that patience and understanding are also very necessary for travellers returning home.
The pyramid sound and light show is one of the most interesting things in the area for children.
You can see the pyramids in the darkness and you can see them in the silence before the show begins.
Usually you hear the sound of tourists and merchants. The story of the sounds and lights is just like a fairytale.
The Sphinx is established as the backdrop and narrator of a long story.
The scenes are displayed on the pyramids, and the different pyramids are illuminated.
The Southern Shetland Islands, discovered in 1819, are claimed by several nations and have the most bases, with 16 active in 2020.
The archipelago lies 120 km north of the Peninsula. The largest is King George Island with the settlement of House of the Stars.
Others, including Livingston Island and Deception, where the flooded caldera of a still-active volcano offers a spectacular natural harbour.
Ellsworth Land is a region south of the Antarctic Peninsula, bounded by the Bellingshausen Sea.
The mountains of the Antarctic Peninsula coalesce here into the plateau, and then re-emerge from the 360km chain of the Ellsworth Mountains, bisected by the Minnesota Glacier.
The northern part of the Sentinel Range has Antarctica's highest mountains, the Vinson Massif, peaking at 4892m - Mount Vinson.
In remote locations, without cell phone reception, a satellite phone may be your only option.
A satellite phone is not a common replacement for a cell phone, because you have to be outdoors with a clear line of sight to the satellite to make a call.
The service is regularly used by mariners, including pleasure craft, as well as expeditions with remote data and voice needs.
Your local telephone service provider should be able to give you more information regarding connection to the service.
A growing popular option for those planning a gap year is to travel and learn.
This is particularly popular with school leavers, and allows them to take a gap year without jeopardizing their education.
In many cases, enrolling in a gap year course abroad increases your chances of gaining admission to higher education back in your home country.
Typically, there will be a tuition fee to enroll in these educational programs.
Finland is a good boating destination. The “Land of a Thousand Lakes” also has thousands of islands, in the lakes and in the coastal archipelago.
In the archipelago and lakes, you don't necessarily need a sailboat.
Even though the coastal areas’ archipelagos and the largest lakes are indeed large enough for any hunting, smaller boats or even a kayak offer a different experience.
Boating is a national pastime in Finland, with a boat for every seven or eight people.
It aligns with Norway, Sweden and New Zealand, but is otherwise quite unique (for example, in the Netherlands the numbers are one to forty).
Most Baltic cruises typically include extended vacation stays.
This means you can visit the historical city for a few days while travelling back and sleep on the ship in the evenings.
If you are going ashore and used your on-board excursion, you do not need a separate visa (since 2009).
Some pleasure boat trip brochures included Berlin, Germany. As you can see from the map above, Berlin is nowhere near the sea and a visit to the city is not included in the price of the tour.
Traveling by airplane can be a frightening experience for people of all ages and backgrounds, especially if they have never flown before, or if they have had a traumatic experience previously.
It's nothing to be ashamed of: it's in no way different from the personal fears or dislikes of other things that many people have.
For some, understanding how something about an airplane works and what happens during a flight might help to overcome the fear based on the unknown or not being in control.
Courier companies are well-paid to deliver things quickly. Very often, time is very important when it comes to business documents, merchandise, or replacement parts for an urgent repair.
The larger companies had their own aircraft on some routes, but for the other routes and smaller firms, this was a problem.
If they ship this cargo by air freight, unloading and customs clearance on some routes can take days.
The only way to get it through faster was to send it as checked baggage. Airlines’ regulations won’t allow them to send baggage without a passenger, so that’s where you come in.
The obvious way to fly first class is to pay a large sum of money for the privilege (or even better – have your company pay for it).
Therefore, it is not cheap, however: as a rough rule, you can expect to pay up to four times the normal rate for economy and eleven times for first class!
Generally, there's no point in even looking for discounts on business or first-class seats on direct flights from A to B.
Airlines know well that there is a certain core group of passengers who are willing to pay top dollar for the privilege of getting to a destination quickly and in comfort, and their accounts reflect that accordingly.
The capital of Moldova is Chișinău. The local language is Romanian, but Russian is also widely used.
Moldova is a multi-ethnic republic that has suffered under ethnic conflict.
In 1994, this conflict led to the creation of the self-proclaimed Transnistria Republic in eastern Moldova, which has its own government and currency, but is not recognized by any other UN member state.
Economic ties have been re-established between these two parts of Moldova despite the failure of political negotiations.
Orthodox Christianity is the main religion in Moldova.
Izmir is the third largest city in Turkey with a population of around 3.7 million, the second largest port after Istanbul, and a very good transport hub.
The modern, developed and bustling commercial center built around the massive bay and surrounded by mountains was once the ancient city of Smyrna.
The wide promenades, glass-façade buildings and modern shopping centers equipped with traditional red-tile roofs, the 18th-century market, and old mosques and churches give the city more of a Mediterranean European than traditional Turkish atmosphere.
The town of Haldarsvík overlooks the nearby island of Eysturoy and has an unusual octagonal church.
In the cemetery there are interesting marble sculptures of doves over some graves.
It’s worth spending half an hour wandering through the interesting little town.
To the north and easily accessible is the romantic and fascinating village of Sintra, which gained most of its fame after a glowing account of the place’s splendour was written by Lord Byron.
Scotturb Bus 403 travels regularly to Sintra and stops at Cabo da Roca.
Also to the north, visit the wonderful Sanctuary of Our Lady of Fatima (Sanctuary), a place of world-renowned Marian apparitions.
Please remember that you are actually visiting a mass grave, and that the site holds almost immeasurable value for a large portion of the world's population.
There are still many living men and women who survived their time there, and many more whose loved ones were murdered there or worked themselves to death, both Jews and non-Jews.
Please treat the site with all the dignity, solemnity, and respect it deserves. Do not make jokes about the Holocaust or Nazis.
Do not deface the site by scratching marks or graffiti into the structures.
Barcelona's official languages are Catalan and Spanish. Approximately half prefer to speak Catalan, and the vast majority understand it, and everyone knows basic Spanish.
However, most signs are only indicated in Catalan, as it is legally recognised as the first official language.
However, Spanish is also widely used in public transport and other facilities.
Regular announcements on the Metro are made only in Catalan, but unscheduled disruptions are announced by an automatic system in a wide variety of languages including Spanish, English, French, Arabic, and Japanese.
Parisians have a reputation for being self-centered, rude, and arrogant.
While this is usually just an inaccurate stereotype, the best way to get by in Paris is to be on your best behaviour, acting like someone who is “bien élevé” (well-bred). This will make things significantly easier.
Parisians’ attitude will change drastically when you act politely towards them.
The Plitvice Lakes National Park is densely forested, mostly with Beech, Spruce and Cypress trees, and is characteristic of both mountain and Mediterranean vegetation.
It boasts a remarkably wide variety of plant communities due to the range of microclimates, different types of soils, and varying altitudes.
The area is also home to an incredibly wide variety of animal and bird species.
Rare fauna, such as the European brown bear, wolf, eagle, owl, European lynx, wildcat and heather grouse can be found there, together with many other more common species.
During visits to the monasteries, women are required to wear skirts that cover their knees and their shoulders must also be covered.
Most monasteries offer garments to women who arrive unprepared, but if you bring your own, especially one with bright colours, you’ll receive a smile from the monk or nun at the entrance.
Within the same guidelines, men are expected to wear trousers that cover their knees.
It can also be borrowed from the stock at the entrance, but those clothes aren’t washed for every user, so you might not feel comfortable wearing them against your skin. One size fits all men!
Majorcan cuisine, similar to the same sun-drenched regions in the Mediterranean, is based on bread, vegetables and meat (especially pork), and uses olive oil throughout.
A simple popular supper, especially during the summer, is Pa amb Oli: Bread with olive oil, tomato, and any other available ingredients such as cheese, tuna, etc.
All nouns, including the word “Sie” for “you,” always begin with a capital letter, even in the middle of a sentence.
It is an important way to distinguish between some verbs and objects.
It likely makes reading easier, even though writing becomes somewhat more complicated due to the need to figure out whether a verb or an adjective is used in an inflected form.
Pronunciation is relatively easy in Italian, as most words are pronounced exactly as they are written.
The main letters to watch out for are c and g, as their pronunciation varies depending on the following vowel.
Additionally, make sure you pronounce the 'r' and 'rr' differently: "caro" means darling and "carro" means tank.
Persian has a relatively easy and mostly regular [grammar/structure]. **(Note: The Afrikaans sentence is incomplete and slightly grammatically awkward. I've completed the thought based on common usage, assuming it refers to the language's grammar or structure. "Meestlike" isn't a standard word; "meestal" (mostly) is more common.)**
Therefore, reading this grammar book will help you to learn and understand much of Persian grammar better.
Needless to say, if you know a Romance language, it’s easier for you to learn Portuguese.
Nevertheless, people with some knowledge of Spanish may hastily conclude that Portuguese is close enough that it doesn't need to be studied separately.
Pre-modern observatories are usually decommissioned these days, and remain in use as museums or teaching facilities.
As light pollution wasn’t the type of problem it is today during their heyday, they are not usually found in cities or on campuses, and are easier to reach than those built in modern times.
Most modern research telescopes are enormous facilities in remote areas with favorable atmospheric conditions.
Cherry blossom viewing, known as hanami, has been a part of Japanese culture since the 8th century.
The concept originated in China, where plum blossoms were the chosen flower.
In Japan, the first cherry blossom viewing parties hosted by the emperor were originally held exclusively for himself and other members of the aristocracy around the Imperial Court.
Plants look their best in their natural environment, so resist the temptation to remove even “just one” of a species yourself.
When visiting a formally arranged garden, and you collect "samples," you may be asked to leave without warning.
Singapore is generally a very safe place to be, and easy to navigate, and you can buy almost anything after you arrive.
But to be located in the “high tropics” just a few degrees north of the equator, you must contend with both heat (always) and strong sun (when the sky is clearer, less frequently).
There are also a few buses going north to Hebron, the traditional burial place of the biblical patriarchs Abraham, Isaac, Jacob and their wives.
Make sure the bus you think you’re taking goes to Hebron and not just to the nearby Jewish settlement of Kiryat Arba.
Inland waterways can be a good theme to build a vacation around.
For example, visit castles in the Loire Valley, the Rhine Valley, or take a boat trip to interesting cities on the Danube or a boat trip on the Erie Canal.
They also define routes for popular hiking and cycling trails.
Christmas is one of the most important holidays of Christianity, and is celebrated as the birthday of Jesus.
Many traditions surrounding the holiday have been adopted by non-believers in Christian countries and non-Christians around the world.
There is a tradition of spending Easter night at some exposed point to watch the sunrise.
There are, of course, Christian theological explanations for this tradition, but it is quite possibly a pre-Christian Spring and Fertility ritual.
More traditional churches often hold a Passover Deurnag (all-night vigil) on Saturday evening during the Easter weekend, with congregations frequently breaking out in celebrations at midnight to celebrate Christ's resurrection.
All animals that originally arrived on the islands either swam, flew, or drifted there.
Due to the long distances from the continents, mammals are unable to undertake the journey, which makes the giant tortoise the main grazing animal in the Galapagos.
Since the arrival of humankind on the Galapagos Islands, many mammals have been introduced, including goats, horses, cows, rats, cats, and dogs.
If you visit the Arctic or Antarctic regions in winter, you will experience the polar night, which means the sun does not rise above the horizon.
It offers a good opportunity to see the Aurora borealis, as the sky is almost always dark.
Since the areas are sparsely populated, and light pollution is therefore not often a problem, you will also be able to enjoy the stars.
Japanese work ethic is more hierarchical and formal than Westerners may be accustomed to.
Suitcases of clothes are standard equipment, and colleagues address each other by their surnames or job titles.
Workplace harmony is essential, with the emphasis on collective effort rather than praising individual achievements.
Workers often need to obtain their supervisors' permission for any decisions they make, and they are expected to follow their supervisors' instructions without fail.
