He added, “We now have a four-month-old kitten that isn’t diabetic, whereas it used to be.”
Dr. Ehud Ur, a professor of medicine at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia, and chair of the clinical section of the Canadian Diabetes Association, warned that the research is still in its early days.
Like some other experts, he is skeptical about whether diabetes can be cured, noting that these findings have no relevance to people who already have Type 1 diabetes.
On Monday, Sara Danius, the permanent secretary of the Swedish Academy, announced during a radio program on Sveriges Radio in Sweden that the committee, having failed to contact Bob Dylan directly regarding winning the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature, had given up its efforts to reach him.
Danius said, "We're not doing anything at the moment. I've called and emailed his closest colleague and received very friendly responses. For now, that's certainly enough."
Previously, Ring Chief Executive Officer Jamie Siminoff noted that the company started when his doorbell wasn’t audible from his shop in his garage.
He built a WiFi door bell, he said.
Simon said that sales had received a boost after he appeared in an episode of Shark Tank in 2013 where the show's panel refused to fund the new business.
In late 2017, Siminoff appeared on the shopping television channel QVC.
Ring settled a legal case with a competing security company, namely ADT Corporation.
Although it appears that a single experimental treatment may reduce Ebola mortality, so far, it has not been clearly demonstrated that any drugs are suitable for treating the current infection.
One antibody cocktail, ZMapp, showed initial promise in the field, but formal studies suggested it had less benefit than hoped in terms of preventing death.
In the PALM trial, Zmapp served as a control, meaning scientists used it as a baseline and compared the other three treatments against it.
USA Gymnastics supports the letter from the United States Olympic & Paralympic Committee and accepts the absolute need for the Olympic family to promote a safe environment for all of our athletes.
We agree with the USOC’s statement that the interests of athletes and clubs, and their wellbeing, can be better served by moving forward with meaningful change within our organisation, rather than through criticism.
USA Gymnastics is assisting an independent investigation that could shed light on how abuse of the degrees described could have gone undetected for so long by survivors of Larry Nassar, and welcomes any necessary and appropriate changes.
USA Gymnastics and the USOC share the same goal – to make gymnastics, and other sports, as safe as possible for athletes to follow their dreams in a safe, positive, and empowering environment.
Throughout the 1960s, Brzezinski worked for John F. Kennedy as his advisor and then for the Lyndon B. Johnson administration.
During the 1976 elections, he advised Carter on foreign policy, then served as National Security Advisor (NSA) between 1977 and 1981, succeeding Henry Kissinger.
Like the NSA, he assisted Carter in handling diplomatically sensitive issues, such as the Camp David Accords, 1978; the normalization of relations between the US and China by the end of the 1970s; the Iranian Revolution, which led to the Iran hostage crisis, 1979; and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan, 1979.
The film, starring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone, received nominations in all the main categories.
Gosling and Stone received nominations for Best Actor and Best Actress.
The other nominations include Best Film, Director, Cinematography, Costume Design, Film Editing, Original Score, Production Design, Sound Editing, Sound Mixing, and Original Screenplay.
She received two nominations for Best Original Song for songs from the film, "Audition (The Fools Who Dream)" and "City of Stars". Lionsgate studio received 26 nominations - more than any other studio.
Late on Sunday, the President of the United States, Donald Trump, announced in a statement delivered by the press secretary, that United States troops would leave Syria.
The announcement was made after Trump had a phone conversation with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
Turkey would also take responsibility for guarding ISIS fighters who have been captured and whom, according to the statement, European nations have refused to send home.
In addition to confirming that some dinosaurs had at least feathers, a theory that is already widespread, it also provides details that fossils generally cannot, such as colour and three-dimensional arrangement.
Scientists say that this animal’s plumage is a dark chestnut brown on the upper side with a dull green or purplish underside.
The finding provides insight into the evolution of bird plumage.
Because blu dinosaurs lack well-developed shafted feathers, the rachis, but possess other feather characteristics – vanes and barbs – the researchers concluded that the rachis was likely a later evolutionary development than these other features.
The structure of the feathers suggests they weren’t used for flight but rather for temperature regulation or display. The researchers suggested, even though this is a young dinosaur tail, that the sample shows adult feathers and not downy chick feathers.
The researchers suggested, although this was a young dinosaur’s feather, that the sample showed adult plumage and not down from a chick.
A car bomb exploded at police headquarters in Gaziantep, Turkey the day before yesterday, killing two police officers and injuring more than twenty other people.
The government office said that fifteen of those who were refused were peacekeepers.
The police said they suspected a Daesh (ISIL) militant was responsible for the attack.
They discovered that the Sun operates on the same basic principles as other stars: It was found that the activity of every star in the system is stimulated by their luminosity, their rotation, and nothing else.
Illumination and rotation are used together to determine a star’s Rossby number, which relates to plasma flow.
At a minimum Rossby number, the least operative the star is from the viewpoint of magnetic reversals.
During his journey, Iwasaki encountered difficulties many times.
He was robbed by a pirate, attacked by a wild dog in Tibet, fled a wedding in Nepal, and was arrested in India.
The 802.11n standard operates on 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz frequencies.
This will allow it to be compatible with 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g, provided the site has dual radios.
The speeds of 802.11n are significantly faster than those of its predecessors, with a theoretical maximum throughput of 600Mbit per second.
Duvall, who is married with two grown children, did not make a big impression on Miller, to whom the story was connected.
When asked for comment, Miller said, "Mike was talking quite a bit during the hearing...I was getting myself ready so I wasn't really hearing what he was saying."
“We will aim to reduce carbon dioxide emissions per unit of GDP substantially by 2020 from 2005 levels,” Hu said.
He didn't set a figure for the cuts, saying they would be based on Chinese economic output.
Hu criticised developing countries for "avoiding the old path of polluting first and cleaning up later".
He added that “they should not, however, be asked to take on commitments that go beyond their scope, responsibility and development capabilities”.
The Iraq Study Group presented its report at 12:00 GMT today.
It warns that no one can guarantee that any measures taken in Iraq at this point will prevent sectarian conflict, increasing instability, or a slide towards chaos.
The report opens with a discussion of open debate and forming consensus in the United States regarding policy towards the Middle East.
The report is highly critical of almost every aspect of the Operation’s current policy towards Iraq and urges a new direction immediately.
First among its 78 recommendations is the recommendation that a new diplomatic initiative should be launched before the end of this year to protect the borders of Iraq against insidious encroachments and to re-establish diplomatic relations with its neighbours.
The current senator and former President of Argentina, Cristina Fernández de Kirchner, announced last night in La Plata, a city 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Buenos Aires, that she is running for the presidency.
Mrs. Kirchner announced her intention to run for the presidency at the Teatro Argentino, the same location she used to launch her 2005 campaign for the Senate as a member of the Buenos Aires provincial legislature.
The debate was sparked by arguments about spending on aid and reconstruction following Hurricane Katrina; and some fiscal conservatives have pejoratively labelled it the "Bush New Orleans Pact".
Liberal criticism of the rebuilding effort has focused on awarding reconstruction contracts to those considered insiders in Washington.
Over four million people went to Rome to attend the funeral.
The number of people present was so large that it wasn't possible for everyone to get into the funeral in St Peter's Square.
Several large television screens were installed in various locations in Rome to allow people to watch the ceremony.
Similar installations were established in several other cities in Italy and throughout the rest of the world, particularly in Poland, and were watched by a large number of people.
Historians have criticised FBI policies in the past for focusing resources on easy-to-solve cases, particularly car thefts, with the aim of boosting the agency's success rate.
Congress began funding the sting operation in 2005 and stipulated that the FBI must allocate 10 agents to adult pornography.
Robin Uthappa made the highest score of the innings, 70 runs off just 41 balls with 11 fours and 2 sixes.
The batsmen in the middle, Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, performed well and made a century partnership.
But, after losing the captain's wicket, India scored only 36 runs, losing 7 wickets to bring the innings to a close.
President George W. Bush arrived in Singapore on the morning of November 16, beginning an eight-day trip around Asia.
He was greeted by Singapore’s Deputy Prime Minister Wong Kan Seng, and discussed trade and investment matters with Singapore’s Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong.
Following a week of losses in the midterm elections, Bush told an audience about expanding trade in Asia.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper has agreed to send the government’s “Clean Air Act” to a cross-party committee for review, before its second reading, following a 25-minute meeting on Tuesday with NDP leader Jack Layton, in the Prime Minister’s Office.
Layton had requested changes to the Conservative party's manifesto during the meeting with the Prime Minister, asking for a "thorough and complete rewrite" of the Conservative party’s manifesto.
Never since the Federal Government intervened to take responsibility for funding the Mersey Hospital in Devonport, Tasmania, have the state government and some federal MPs criticised the move as a cynical ploy in the lead-up to the federal election to be called by November.
The Prime Minister John Howard has said the law is only to protect hospital facilities from being downgraded by the Tasmanian government, by providing an additional AUD$45 million.
According to the latest bulletin, sea level readings showed that a tsunami had been generated. Some pending tsunami activity had been recorded near Pago Pago and Niue.
There have been no reports of major damage or injuries in Tonga, but power was temporarily lost, and Tongan authorities reportedly failed to receive the tsunami warning issued by the PTWC.
Fourteen schools in Hawaii located on shorelines or near them were closed by Wednesday, despite warnings having been issued.
The President of the United States, George W. Bush, welcomed the announcement.
The Bush administration spokesman, Gordon Johndroe, called North Korea’s pledge a “major step toward the goal of achieving the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.”
The tenth storm named for the winter season, Tropical Storm Jerry, formed in the Atlantic Ocean today.
The National Hurricane Center is saying at this time that Jerry is not posing any threat to land.
The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers estimated that 6 inches of snow could re-freeze the previously damaged ice jams.
At this time, the Ninth Ward, which saw floodwaters as high as 20 feet during Hurricane Katrina, is currently underwater as the nearby levee is being overrun.
Water is cascading over the weir in a 100-foot section.
Commons Administrator Adam Cuerden expressed his opposition to the deletions when he spoke with Wikinews last month.
Basically, he (Wales) lied to us from the start. Firstly, by acting as if for legal reasons. Secondly, by pretending to listen to us, until he exhausted his artifice.
The community's outrage led to the current efforts to draft a policy regarding sexual content for the site that is home to millions of openly licensed media.
The work done was largely theoretical, but the program was written to simulate observations made from the Hawk’s nest.
The effect the team was searching for would be caused by the forces of the flood between the dark substance of the halo and the dark substance of the Milky Way.
Just as the moon pulls on the Earth, causing tides, so too does the Milky Way exert a force on the constellation Sagittarius.
The scientists were able to conclude that the dark matter affects other dark matter in the same way that regular matter does.
This theory states that most of the dark matter surrounding a galaxy is located around the galaxy as a kind of halo, and that it consists of a number of small particles.
Television reports are showing white smoke coming from the power station.
Local authorities are advising people living near the factory to stay indoors, turn off air conditioners and not to drink tap water.
According to the Japanese nuclear agency, volatile iodine and cesium were detected at the station.
Authorities suspect this shows that containers holding uranium on the site may have fractured and are leaking.
Dr. Tony Moll discovered Extremely Drug-Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in the KwaZulu-Natal region of South Africa.
In an interview, he said the new variant was "causing great concern and was very frightening due to the very high mortality rate."
Some patients may have caught the infection in the hospital, according to Dr Moll, and at least two were hospital healthcare workers.
Within a year, a single infected individual can infect 10 to 15 close contacts.
However, it appears that the proportion of XDR-TB within the entire group of people with tuberculosis remains low; 6,000 out of a total of 330,000 people infected at any given time in South Africa.
The asteroids collided with each other, both weighing over 1,000 pounds, and travelling at around 17,500 miles per hour, 491 miles above the Earth.
Scientists say the explosion caused by the collision was enormous.
They are still trying to determine exactly how large the impact was and how the Earth will be affected.
The United States Strategic Command, from the office of the U.S. Department of Defense, is tracking the debris.
The results of the plotting analysis will be posted on a public website.
A doctor who worked at Children’s Hospital of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, is facing a charge of aggravated murder after his mother was found dead in her car Wednesday, authorities in Ohio said.
Dr. Malar Balasubramanian, 29, was found in Blue Ash, Ohio, a suburb about 15 miles north of Cincinnati, lying on the ground beside the road in a t-shirt and underwear in a condition appearing to be under the influence of drugs.
She directed officers to her black Oldsmobile Intrigue which was 500 feet away.
There, they discovered the body of Saroja Balasubramanian, 53, covered in blood-stained blankets.
The police said it appeared the body had been there for about a day.
The first cases of the illness this season were reported at the end of July.
The disease is carried by pigs, which then moves to humans through mosquitoes.
The outbreak has prompted the Indian government to undertake measures such as using rat catchers in severely affected areas, distributing thousands of mosquito nets and spraying insecticides.
Several million doses of encephalitis vaccine have also been purchased by the government, which will help health agencies prepare for next year.
Plans to deliver flu vaccinations to the areas historically most affected were postponed this year due to a lack of funding and lower prioritisation compared to other illnesses.
In 1956, Slania moved to Sweden, where he began working three years later for the Swedish Post Office and became their chief engraver.
He produced over 1,000 stamps for Sweden and 28 other countries.
His work is of such quality and detail that it is recognised as one of the very few "household names" among stamp collectors. Some specialise in collecting his work alone.
Her 1,000th stamp was the magnificent “Great Deeds of Swedish Kings” by David Klöcker Ehrenstrahl in 2000, which is listed in the Guinness Book of World Records.
He was also involved in engraving banknotes for many countries, recent examples of his work include the portraits of Prime Ministers on the fronts of the new Canadian $5 and $100 dollar bills.
After the incident happened, Gibson was taken to hospital but died shortly afterwards.
The 64-year-old lorry driver was not injured in the accident.
The vehicle was removed from the crash site at around 1200 GMT on the same day.
An individual who was working in a garage near the place where the incident happened said: "Children were waiting to cross the road and they were all screaming and crying."
They all ran back from where the incident happened.
Other topics on the agenda in Bali include saving the world’s remaining forests, and sharing technologies to help developing nations grow in less polluting ways.
The United Nations also hopes to secure a fund to help countries affected by global warming to cope with the effects.
The money could go towards flood-resistant homes, water management, and crop diversification.
Fluke wrote that the efforts by some to prevent women from speaking about women's health have been unsuccessful.
She reached this conclusion because of the multitude of positive comments and encouragement sent to her by both women and men urging that preventative medicine for conception be considered a medical necessity.
When the fighting ended after those who were injured had been taken to the hospital, around 40 of the other prisoners who remained stayed in the yard and refused to return to their cells.
Negotiators tried to unify the situation, but the prisoners' demands are unclear.
Between 10:00-11:00 PM MDT, a fire was started by the prisoners in the yard.
Soon, officers brought riot gear into the yard and pepper-sprayed the prisoners.
Firefighting crews extinguished the fire at the far end by 11:35 p.m.
After the dam was built in 1963, the seasonal floods that would spread silt through the river were prevented.
This sediment was essential for creating sandbanks and beaches, which were habitats for wildlife.
As a result, two species of fish have disappeared, and two others are endangered, including the Atlantic salmon.
Even though the water level will only rise a few feet after the floods, officials hope this will be enough to restore rubble barriers eroded downstream.
No tsunami warning has been issued, and according to the Jakarta Geophysical Agency, a tsunami warning will not be issued because the earthquake did not meet the magnitude of 6.5.
Although there was no threat of a tsunami, residents began to panic and start leaving their businesses and homes.
Although Winfrey was emotional when saying goodbye, she made it clear to her supporters that she would be back.
This will not be goodbye. This is the end of one chapter and the beginning of a new one.
The final results of Namibia's presidential and parliamentary elections have shown that the incumbent president, Hifikepunye Pohamba, has been re-elected with a large majority.
The ruling party, the South West Africa People's Organisation (SWAPO), also retained a majority in the parliamentary elections.
Soldiers from the coalition and Afghanistan moved into the area to secure the site, and other coalition aircraft have been sent to assist.
The incident happened high up in mountainous terrain, and it is believed to have occurred as a result of being shot by poachers.
Efforts to search for the site of the incident are being hampered by bad weather and rugged terrain.
The medical charity Mangola, Médecins Sans Frontières and the World Health Organization say this was the worst recorded outbreak of cases in the country.
Medicines sans Frontieres spokesperson Richard Veerman said: "Angola is on the verge of being hit by its worst outbreak ever and the situation remains very poor in Angola," he said.
The games started at 10:00am with lovely weather and although there was a light mist mid-morning which quickly cleared, it was a perfect day for rugby 7s on both sides.
South Africa, the team at the top of the tournament standings, started on the right foot when they achieved a comfortable 26-00 victory against Zambia, who were in fifth place.
Looking truly dismal in the game against their southern sisters, South Africa gradually improved however as the tournament progressed.
Their tenacious defending, ball-handling skills and excellent teamwork made them stand out, and it was clear this was the team to beat.
Amsterdam city officials and the Anne Frank House are stating that the tree is infected with fungus and poses a public health hazard while arguing that it is in danger of falling soon.
He was expected to be torn down on Tuesday, but was saved after an emergency court ruling.
Each of the cave's entrances, named "The Seven Sisters", is at least 100 to 250 metres (320 to 820 feet) in diameter.
Infrared images show that the temperature variations between night and day suggest they are most likely in caves.
They are cooler than the surface around them during the day and warmer at night.
"Their thermal behaviour is not as stable as large caves on Earth, which often maintain quite constant temperatures, but it is consistent with being deep holes in the ground," said Glen Cushing of the Astrogeology Team at the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) and of Northern Arizona University located in Flagstaff, Arizona.
In France, voting has traditionally been a low-tech experience: voters isolate themselves in a booth and place a pre-printed paper slip showing their candidate choice into a ballot box.
After officers verify the voter's identity, the voter casts their ballot into the ballot box and signs the electoral register.
French electoral law regulates cases quite strictly.
Since 1998, ballot boxes must be transparent so that voters and observers can verify that no duplicate ballots are present at the start of the poll except for those of authorised poll clerks who have been properly accounted for.
Candidates are able to send representatives to witness every part of the process. At night, votes are counted by volunteers under strict supervision, following specific procedures.
The ASUS Eee PC arrived, and was launched worldwide for cost-saving and practicality factors, becoming a hot topic at Computex Taipei 2007.
But the consumer market for laptops will be significantly altered and fundamentally changed after the People's Bank of China awarded the 2007 Taiwan Sustainability Award to ASUS.
The station's website describes the show as "old-fashioned radio theatre with a clever new twist!"
In its early days, the show appeared on the long-standing internet radio site TogiNet Radio, a site focused on talk radio.
At the end of 2015, TogiNet established AstroNet Radio as a sub-station.
Originally, the show featured amateur voice actors who were local to East Texas.
According to reports, extensive searches continued overnight, as law enforcement officers were not present on the streets of Bishkek.
Bishkek was described by one observer as having descended into a state of "anarchy", as gangs of people roamed the streets and looted consumer goods from shops.
Many Bishkek residents were mocking protesters from the south for the disorder.
South Africa have defeated the All Blacks (New Zealand) in a Tri-Nations rugby union game at Royal Bafokeng Stadium in Rustenburg, South Africa.
The final score was a one-point victory, 21 to 20, bringing the Black Wings’ 15-game winning streak to an end.
And the Springboks, ended a run of five game losses.
This is the last game for the Black Dragons, who had already won the midweek trophy.
The final game of the series will take place at Ellis Park in Johannesburg next week, when the Springboks play against Australia.
A moderate earthquake struck western Montana at 10:08 p.m. Monday.
Reports have not yet been received from the United States Geological Survey (USGS) and its National Earthquake Information Center.
The earthquake was centered about 20 kilometers (15 miles) north-northeast of Dillon, and about 65 kilometers (40 miles) south of Butte.
It has been confirmed that the strain of bird flu deadly to humans, H5N1, has infected a dead wild duck, discovered on Monday, in a stream near Lyon in eastern France.
France is the seventh country in the European Union to suffer this virus, following Austria, Germany, Slovenia, Bulgaria, Greece and Italy.
Cases suspected of H5N1 in Croatia and Denmark remain unconfirmed.
Chambers had accused God of "death, destruction and wide-ranging terror to millions upon millions of Earth’s inhabitants".
Chambers, who is a suspect, argues that his legal case is "farce" and "anyone can stitch anyone up".
The story presented in the French opera, by Camille Saint-Saëns, is of an artist "whose life is defined by a love of drugs and Japan".
As a result, the performers are smoking cannabis joints on stage, and the theatre itself encourages the audience to join in.
Former Speaker of the House, Newt Gingrich, Texas Governor Rick Perry, and Congresswoman Michele Bachmann finished fourth, fifth, and sixth place, respectively.
After the results came in, Gingrich praised Santorum, but he had harsh words for Romney, who had campaign advertisements broadcast against Gingrich in Iowa on his behalf.
Perry announced he would "return to Texas to assess the caucus results tonight, decide if there is a path forward for me in this race," but later said he would stay in the race and compete in the South Carolina primary on January 21.
Bachmann, who won the Ames Straw Poll in August, decided to end her campaign.
The photographer was taken to Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center, where he later died.
According to the rumour, he was 20 years old. In a statement, Bieber said "although I was not present nor directly connected with this tragic incident, my thoughts and prayers are with the victim's family".
TMZ news website understands that the photographer stopped his vehicle on the other side of Sepulveda Boulevard and attempted to take pictures of the police before crossing the road and continuing, prompting a California Highway Patrol officer who was directing traffic to order him to cross back, twice.
According to the police, it is unlikely the driver of the vehicle that hit the photographer will face criminal charges.
With only twelve medals available today, many countries have failed to reach the medal podium.
They include the Netherlands, with Anna Jochemsen finishing ninth in the women's standing class in the Super-G yesterday, and Finland with Katja Saarinen finishing tenth in the same competition.
Mitchell Gourley finished in eleventh place in the men's standing Super-G. The Czech Republic competitor Oldrich Jelinek finished in fifteenth place in the men's seated Super-G.
Arly Velasquez of Mexico finished fifteenth in the men's Super-G seated event. Adam Hall of New Zealand finished ninth in the men's Super-G standing event.
The skier and his damaged vision from Poland, Maciej Krezel, and his guide Anna Ogarzynska, finished thirteenth in the Super-G. Jong Seork Parh from South Korea finished twenty-fourth in the men's Super-G seated event.
UN peacekeepers, who arrived in Haiti after the 2010 earthquake, are being blamed for the spread of the disease that started near the soldiers’ camp.
According to the legal case, waste from the UN peacekeeping camp was not being properly treated, causing bacteria to enter the underground waters of the Artibonite River, one of Haiti’s largest.
Before soldiers arrived, Haiti hadn't faced problems related to cholera since the 1800s.
The Haiti Peace and Democracy Institute has referred to independent studies suggesting that a Nepalese UN peacekeeping battalion unknowingly brought the illness to Haiti.
Danielle Lantagne, a United Nations expert on the disease, said the cases were likely caused by peacekeepers.
Hamilton confirmed that the University Hospital of Wales had received the patient in a stable condition.
The patient had been to Nigeria, where there had been some cases of the Ebola virus.
The hospital has followed protocol for infection control, including isolating patients from others to prevent potentially infecting other people.
Before The Simpsons, Simon had worked on a number of shows in various roles.
During the 1980s, he worked on shows like Taxi, Cheers, and The Tracy Ullman Show.
In 1989, he helped create The Simpsons with Brooks and Groening, and was responsible for hiring the show’s first writing team.
Despite leaving the show in 1993, he retained the title of executive producer, and continued to receive tens of millions of dollars each season in residuals.
Previously, Xinhua, a Chinese news agency, reported that an aircraft had been hijacked.
Subsequently, reports indicated that the plane had received a bomb threat and was diverted back to Afghanistan, landing in Kandahar.
Early reports state that the plane was diverted back to Afghanistan after being denied permission to land in an emergency in Ürümqi.
Air pollution is common in Iran, which has an aging fleet that is poorly maintained for both civil and military operations.
International sanctions have meant that it is not possible to buy new planes.
Earlier this week, a police helicopter crashed from the sky, killing three people and injuring three others.
Last month, Iran experienced its worst air disaster in years when a plane crashed en route to Armenia, killing all 168 people on board.
In the same month, another plane ran off the Mashad landing strip and hit a wall, killing fifteen.
Aerosmith have cancelled the remaining concerts on their tour.
The rock band was supposed to tour around the United States and Canada until September 16th.
They have cancelled the tour after the main singer Steven Tyler was injured after falling off the stage while performing on August 5th.
Murray lost the first set in a tie-break after both players held serve throughout the set.
Del Potro had the advantage in the second set, but this also required a tie-break after reaching 6-6.
Potro received treatment for his shoulder at this time but managed to return to the game.
The program started at 8:30 p.m. local time (3:00 p.m. UTC).
Famous singers from across the country presented bhajans, or devotional songs, to the feet of Shri Shyam.
The singer Sanju Sharma started the evening, and then Jai Shankar Choudhary also presented the fifty-six devotional bhajans. The singer Raju Khandelwal was with him.
Then, Lakkha Singh began leading the singing of the bhajans.
108 plates of offerings from Chappan Bhog (in Hinduism, 56 different edible items, such as ghee, fruits, nuts, sweets etc. were offered to the deity) were served to Baba Shyam.
Lakkha Singh also presented the bhajan chhappan bhog. The singer, Raju Khandelwal, was accompanying him.
In the main presentation of the Tokyo Game Show on Thursday, Nintendo president Satoru Iwata unveiled the controller design for the company’s new Nintendo Revolution console.
Similar to a television remote control, the controller uses two sensors located near the user’s television to triangulate its position in three-dimensional space.
This will allow players to control actions and movements in video games by moving the device in the air.
Giancarlo Fisichella lost control of his car and the race ended very soon after it began.
His team mate Fernando Alonso was leading for most of the race, but brought it to an end immediately after his crash, due to a front right wheel seemingly being fitted incorrectly.
Michael Schumacher finished his race shortly after Alonso, due to the damage to the car's suspension in the numerous battles during the race.
She is very clever and also sings quite well, according to a transcript of the press conference.
I was getting turned on every time we practiced this, from the bottom of my heart.
About 3 minutes into the launch, an onboard camera showed a number of pieces of insulating foam breaking away from the fuel tank.
However, it is not believed that they caused any damage to the white horse.
NASA’s chief flight director, N. Wayne Hale Jr., said the foam had fallen “after the time we were concerned about.”
A minute into the exhibition, the wind starts to blow in, a minute later, the wind reaches 70 kilometers per hour… then the rain comes, but so hard and so big it hits your skin like needles, then hail falls from the sky, people in panic and screaming and running over each other.
"I lost my sister and her friend, and on my way there were two disabled people in wheelchairs with people jumping over them and pushing them," said Armand Versace.
NHK also reported that the Kashiwazaki Kariwa nuclear power plant in Niigata Prefecture was operating normally.
Hokuriku Electric Power Co. reported that there were no effects from the earthquake and that reactors number 1 and 2 at their Shika nuclear power station had been shut down.
It is reported that around 9,400 homes in the region are without water and around 100 are without electricity.
Some roads have been damaged, rail service has been disrupted in the affected areas, and Noto Airport remains closed due to the Ishikawa Prefecture earthquake.
A bomb exploded outside the governor-general's office.
Three more bombs exploded near government buildings within a two-hour period.
Some reports indicate that eight was the official number who died, and official reports confirm that up to 30 have been reported missing; but we do not yet know what the final numbers are.
Cyanuric acid and melamine were found in urine samples from the affected animals that died after eating feed for affected animals that had been contaminated.
The two compounds react with each other to form a crystal that can inhibit the work of enzymes, researchers at the university said.
The researchers observed crystals formed in cat urine by adding melamine and cyanuric acid.
The composition of these crystals matches that found in the urine of diseased animals when affected and compared using infrared spectroscopy (FTIR).
I don’t know if you realise it or not, but most of the goods came from Central America to this country duty-free.
However, eighty percent of our goods were taxed through tariffs in Central American countries. We treat you.
That didn't make sense to me; it certainly wasn't fair.
The whole point I make to people is that you treat us how we treat you.
The Governor of California, Arnold Schwarzenegger, signed a bill into law prohibiting the sale or rental of violent video games to children under age.
The bill requires video games deemed violent to be sold in the state of California to be labeled with a decal stating "18" and makes it illegal to sell them to anyone under 18 with a fine of $1000 per offense.
The Director of Public Prosecutions, Keir Starmer QC, issued a statement this morning announcing the prosecution of Huhne as well as Pryce.
Huhne has resigned and Ed Davey MP will take his place in the cabinet. Norman Lamb MP is expected to take the position of Business Minister that Davey is leaving.
Huhne and Pryce are expected to appear in St Stephen’s Magistrates’ Court on February 16.
The fatalities were Nicholas Alden, 25, and Zachary Cuddeback, 21. Cuddeback was the driver.
Edgar Veguilla suffered injuries to his arm and chin, and Kristoffer Schneider needed reconstructive surgery on his face.
He aimed Uka's weapon when he was pointing it at the fifth man's head. Schneider has constant pain, blindness in one eye, a piece of his skull missing and a face reconstructed from titanium.
Schneider testified via video link from a USAF site in his homeland.
Beyond the event on Wednesday, Carpanedo competed in just two individual races at the Championships.
His first event was the Slalom, where Ddim Wedi Gorffen won in his first run. 36 of the 116 competitors had the same result in that race.
She saw her other race, the Giant Slalom, finish tenth in the women's seated group race with a combined time of 4:41.30, 2:11.60 slower than the one who finished first, Claudia Loesch of Austria, and 1:09.02 minutes slower than the one who finished ninth, Gyöngyi Dani of Hungary.
Four ski instructors in the group went to help women finish their runs, and a total of 45 out of 117 skiers managed to qualify for the Giant Slalom.
Madhya Pradesh police recovered the laptop and the mobile phone that were stolen.
Deputy Chief Inspector D K Arya said, "We have arrested five people who assaulted the Swiss woman and have recovered her mobile phone and laptop."
The names of those accused are Baba Kanjar, Bhutha Kanjar, Rampro Kanjar, Gaza Kanjar and Vishnu Kanjar.
The police superintendent, Chandra Shekhar Solanki, said the accused appeared in court with their faces covered.
Although there were three people inside the house when the car hit it, none of them were injured.
However, the driver sustained serious head injuries.
The road where the incident occurred was temporarily closed as emergency services freed the driver from the red Audi TT.
He was initially admitted to the James Paget Hospital in Great Yarmouth.
After that, he was transferred to Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge.
Adekayoa has been in Cardiff Crown Court since then, accused of murdering his son.
She is in custody until charge and case, but any eyewitness evidence could be tainted because her image has been published.
This is a common practice in other parts of the UK, but the justice system in Scotland works differently and courts have looked at publishing photos as something that could be prejudicial.
Professor Pamela Ferguson of the University of Dundee notes "journalists walk a dangerous line if they publish photos, for example, of those under suspicion".
The Crown Prosecution Service, which has overall responsibility for prosecutions, has suggested to journalists that no further comment will be given until at least the sentencing.
According to the leaked document, it will refer to the border dispute, which Palestine wants to be based on the borders prior to the 1967 Middle East War.
Among other topics discussed in the conversation are the future status of Jerusalem, holy to both nations, and the matter of the Jordan Valley.
Israel is seeking a continuous military presence in the valley for ten years once the agreement is signed, while the PA agrees to allow such a presence for only five years.
Archers in the additional trial on pest control would be closely monitored by keepers, as the trial would be monitored and its effectiveness evaluated.
In partnership with NPWS and the Sport Shooting Association of Australia (NSW) Inc, qualified volunteers were recruited under the Association's hunter training scheme.
According to Mick O'Flynn, Acting Director of Conservation and Heritage of the Park with NPWS, the four shooters selected for the initial culling campaign received safety briefings and comprehensive training.
Martelly swore in a new nine-member Interim Electoral Council (CEP) yesterday.
This is the fifth CEP of Martelly in four years.
Last month, a presidential commission recommended the dismissal of the previous CEC as part of a package of measures to move the country towards new elections.
The commission was Martelly’s response to widespread protests against the government that began in October.
The protests, sometimes violent, were sparked by a failure to hold elections, some of which were due to have been held since 2011.
Around 60 cases of faulty iPods overheating have been reported, causing a total of six fires and leaving four people with minor burns.
Japan’s Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) said it had been aware of 27 incidents involving the devices.
Last week, METI announced that Apple had informed it of 24 additional cases of overheating, with the company calling them “not serious”.
The administration responded by calling the report's leak by Apple "deeply unfortunate".
The Mariana Trench earthquake struck at 7:19 a.m. local time (9:19 p.m. GMT on Friday).
The Northern Marianas Islands Office of Homeland Security said no damage had been reported in the nation.
The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center also said there were no signs of a tsunami.
A former Filipino police officer has held tourists from Hong Kong hostage by hijacking their bus in Manila, the capital of the Philippines.
Rolando Mendoza fired his M16 rifle at the tourists.
Several bodies have been recovered and at least six have been confirmed dead so far.
Six ghosts, including children and the elderly, were released early, along with the Filipino photographers.
Later, the photographers took the place of a woman who needed the toilet. Mendoza was shot.
Liggins followed in his father's footsteps and went into a career in medicine.
He trained as an obstetrician and began working at Auckland National Women’s Hospital in 1959.
While working in the hospital, Liggins began researching premature labour during his spare time.
Her research showed that if a hormone was administered, it would accelerate the growth of the foetus in the womb.
Xinhua reported that government researchers discovered two flight recorders, "black boxes," on Wednesday.
Her colleagues also paid tribute to Luna.
Tommy Dreamer said "Luna was the first Queen of Extreme. My first manager. Luna died on a night of the two moons. A unique soul just like her. A strong woman."
Dustin "Goldust" Runnels noted that "Luna was as fantastic as me…perhaps even more so…I love her and will see her desires…hoping she is in a better place."
Of 1,400 people polled before the 2010 federal election, the number opposing Australia becoming a republic grew by 8 percent since 2008.
The Acting Prime Minister Julia Gillard claimed during the 2010 election campaign that she believed Australia should become a republic at the end of Queen Elizabeth II’s reign.
34 percent of those surveyed share this opinion, wanting Queen Elizabeth II to be Australia’s last Queen.
Surprisingly, the survey found that 29 percent of those surveyed believed Australia should become a republic as soon as possible, while 31 percent believed Australia should never become a republic.
The Olympic gold medalist was due to swim in the 100m and 230m freestyle and in three relay races at the Commonwealth Games, but due to his problems, there is doubt about his fitness.
He hasn't been able to take the medication he needs to overcome his pain as it has been banned from the Games.
Curtis Cooper, a mathematician and professor of computer science at Central Missouri University, discovered the largest known prime number on January 25th.
Several individuals verified the discovery using hardware and software by the beginning of February, and it was published on Tuesday.
It is possible that comets were a source of water supply to the Earth along with organic matter capable of forming proteins and sustaining life.
Scientists hope to understand how planets form, especially how the Earth formed, as comets collided with the Earth a long time ago.
Cuomo, 53, began his term as governor earlier this year and signed a bill last month legalizing same-sex marriage.
She referred to the politicians as "political puppets and fools".
There is speculation that he will run for president in 2016.
NextGen is a system that the FAA claims will allow aircraft to fly on shorter routes and save millions of gallons of fuel each year, while reducing carbon emissions.
It uses technology based on lichen rather than older technology based on ground radar to enable air traffic controllers to locate aircraft more accurately and provide pilots with more detailed information.
No additional transport is being arranged and overhead trains will not be stopping at Wembley, and car parking or park and ride facilities are not available at the stadium.
Fears arose about the lack of transportation and the possibility that the game would be forced to be played behind closed doors without team supporters.
A study published on Thursday in the journal Science reported on the formation of a new bird species on the Galápagos Islands of Ecuador.
Researchers from Princeton University in the United States and Uppsala University in Sweden reported that a new species had evolved in just two generations, despite the belief that this process would take much longer, due to breeding between the endemic Darwin's finch, Geospiza fortes, and the invasive cactus finch, Geospiza conirostris.
Gold can be worked to all sorts of shapes. It can be rolled into small shapes.
It can be drawn into fine wires, which can be twisted and woven. It can be forged or rolled into sheets.
It can be made very thin, and laid onto another surface. It can be made so thin that it is sometimes used to decorate hand-painted pictures in books known as "illuminated manuscripts".
This is called a chemical pH indicator. You can make an indicator using red cabbage juice.
The colour of litmus changes depending on how acidic or alkaline (basic) the chemical is.
The pH level is determined by the amount of Hydrogen ions (the H in pH) in the chemical being tested.
Hydrogen ions are protons with their electrons removed (as hydrogen atoms contain one proton and one electron).
Roll the two dry powders together and then, with clean, wet hands, press them into a ball.
The moisture on your hands will react with the outer layers, which will feel amazing and form a kind of crust.
The cities of Harappa and Mohenjo-daro had toilets in almost every house, connected to a complex drainage system.
Remains of palatial systems have been found in the Minoan cities of Crete and Santorini in Greece.
Toilets also existed in ancient Egypt, Persia and China. In Roman times, toilets were sometimes part of public baths where men and women were together in mixed company.
When you call someone who is hundreds of miles away, you are using the moon.
The moon in space receives the signal and then reflects it back down, almost immediately.
The moon was sent into space by a rocket. Scientists are using telescopes in space because the Earth's atmosphere distorts some of our light and our view.
It takes an enormous rocket over 100 feet tall to put a moon or telescope into space.
The rainbow has changed the world in incredible ways. The biggest thing the rainbow has done for us is to give us much easier and faster transportation.
He has brought us the train, the car, and many other modes of transport.
From them come cats of a more moderate size that eat prey of medium size ranging from hares to antelope and deer.
Finally, many small cats (including feral cats) eat the much more numerous small invertebrates such as insects, caterpillars, snails and birds.
The secret to their success is the concept of the scratching post, a special duty undertaken by every cat to prevent it from competing with others.
Lions are the most sociable cats, living in large groups called prides.
Harems consist of one to three male castrates who are related, along with up to twenty females and eunuchs.
The women are closely related to each other usually, as a large family of sisters and daughters.
Knots of lions behave very similarly to knots of hyenas or dogs (but not to other large cats), and are very fatal to their prey as well.
As a complete athlete, the tiger is able to climb (though not well), swim, jump great distances and pull with five times the strength of a strong human.
The tiger is in the same group (Genus Panthera) as lions, leopards and jaguars. These four cats are the only ones able to roar.
The roar of a tiger is not like the full-voiced roar of a lion, but more like a sentence of coarse words being spat out.
Otters like to eat small animals. They will catch monkeys, otters, rodents and birds if they can. Almost all the animals that otters hunt are much smaller than himself.
Scientists believe that foxes track and locate animals to eat (prey) by smelling, sensing where they have been on the ground.
They can see very well in the dark with night vision, and move very stealthily as well. Ocelots hunt their prey by blending into their surroundings and then pouncing on their prey.
When a small group of living things (a small population) is separated from the main population it came from (as if moving across a series of mountains or a river, or moving to a new island making it difficult to return) it will often find itself in a different environment than the one it was in before.
This new environment has different resources and different competitors, so the new population will require different traits or adaptations to be a strong competitor compared to what they needed before.
The original population hasn't changed at all; they still need the same adaptations as before.
Over time, as the new population began to adapt to their new environment, they began to look less and less like the other population.
In the end, after thousands or even millions of years, the two populations will look so different that they cannot be called the same species.
We call this process speciation, which simply means forming a new species. Speciation is an inevitable consequence and a very important part of evolution.
Plants make oxygen that humans breathe, and they absorb carbon dioxide that humans exhale (that is, breathe out).
Plants make their food from the sun through photosynthesis. They also offer shelter.
We make our houses from plants and make clothes from plants. Plants are most of the food we eat. Without plants, animals could not survive.
The mosasaur was the apex predator of its time, so it feared nothing, except other mosasaurs.
His long jaws were full of more than 70 very sharp teeth, along with an additional set in his throat, meaning nothing could escape whatever crossed his path.
We don't know for sure, but it may have had a forked tail. Its diet included squids, large fish, other mosasaurs, and it may even have been a cannibal.
It would also attack anything that came into the water; even a dinosaur giant like T. rex wouldn't even compare to it.
While most of their food would be familiar to us, the Romans had their share of wondrous or unusual delicacies, including wild boar, peacock, dormice, and a type of sweet cake known as pathew.
Another difference was that while the poor people and women ate their food while sitting in chairs, the wealthy men liked to have banquets together by reclining on their couches as they ate their meals.
Ancient Roman meals could not have included foods that came to Europe from America or Asia in later centuries.
For example, they had no leeks, no tomatoes, no potatoes, no chocolate, and no Roman ever tasted turkey.
The Babylonians built a main temple to each of their gods, which was considered to be the home of that god.
People would bring sacrifices to the gods and the priests would seek to satisfy the gods’ needs through ceremonies and festivals.
Each temple had an open courtyard and then an inner sanctuary which only the priests were allowed to enter.
Sometimes, special pyramid-shaped structures, known as sigwratau, were built to be part of the temples.
The top of the tower was particularly sacred to the god.
In the warm climate of the Middle East, the house was not so important.
Most of the Hebrew family’s life took place outdoors.
The girls were cooking in the garden; the shops looked out over the street with open fronts. Stones were being used to build houses.
There were no large forests in the lands of Canaan, so wood was very scarce.
The Green Isle had been densely populated. In Norse sagas, they say that Erik the Red was exiled from Iceland for manslaughter, and while travelling further west, he discovered the Green Isle and named it Greenland.
But despite his discovery, Eskimo tribes were already living in the area at the time.
Although every country was "Scandinavian", there were many differences between the people, kings, customs and history of Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Iceland.
If you've watched the film National Treasure, you might think a treasure map was written on the back of the Declaration of Independence.
However, that is not true. Although something has been written on the back of the document, it is not a treasure map.
Inscribed on the back of the Declaration of Independence were the words "Original Declaration of Independence dated July 4th, 1776". The text appears at the bottom of the document, and its head is faded.
Although no one knows for certain who wrote it, it is known early in its life that the large parchment document (it measured 29 inches and three quarters by 24 and a half inches) was rolled up for storage.
Therefore, it is likely that the note was added as a label only.
The landings of D-Day and the subsequent battles had liberated northern France, but the south was not yet free.
They were ruled by Vichy France. These were the French who had agreed to peace with the Germans in 1940 and cooperated with the invaders rather than fighting them.
On August 15, 1940, the Allies attacked southern France, the attack being called "Operation Dragoon."
In just five weeks, the Americans and Free French forces had liberated southern France and were turning towards Germany.
Tradition is a unique culture that is shared by a large significant group of people who live together and cooperate as a society.
The word "civilisation" comes from the Latin civilis, meaning civic, relating to the Latin civis, which means citizen, and civitas, meaning city or city-state, and that somehow defines the scale of society.
City-states are the forerunners of nations. A vibrant culture suggests the transmission of knowledge across generations, a lasting cultural footprint and a beautiful dissemination.
Often, small cultures disappear without leaving relevant historical evidence and fail to be recognised as proper losses.
During the Revolutionary War, the thirteen states initially formed a weak central government – with Congress as its sole branch – under the Articles of Confederation.
The Congress had no power to enforce taxes, and, because there was no executive or national judiciary, it relied on state authorities, which were often uncooperative, to enforce all its laws.
He had no authority whatsoever to judge laws of tax and tariffs between states.
The Articles required unanimous consent from all the states before they could be amended, and the states were so distrustful of the central government that their representatives were often absent.
The Italian national football team, as well as the German national football team, is the second most successful team in the world and they were FIFA World Cup champions in 2006.
Popular sports include football, basketball, volleyball, water polo, fencing, rugby, cycling, ice hockey, roller hockey and Formula 1 racing.
Winter sports are most popular in the northern regions, with Italians competing in international games and Olympic events.
Japan has almost 7,000 islands (the largest being Honshu), making Japan the 7th largest island country in the world!
Because of the cluster, a group of islands that Japan has, Japan is often referred to, from a geographical standpoint, as an "archipelago".
The beginning of Taiwan stretches back to the 15th century, where European sailors passing by recorded the island’s name as Ilha Formosa, or beautiful island.
In 1624, the Dutch East India Company established a base in southwestern Taiwan, initiating a transformation in grain production practices and employing Chinese laborers to work on its rice and sugar plantations.
In 1683, Qing imperial forces (1644-1912) took control of western and northern coastal areas of Taiwan and declared Taiwan a province of the Qing Empire in 1885.
In 1895, following defeat in the First Sino-Japanese War (1894-1895), the Qing government signed the Treaty of Shimonoseki, where it ceded sovereignty over Taiwan to Japan, which controlled the island until 1945.
Machu Picchu comprises three main structures, namely Intihuatana, the Temple of the Sun, and the Room of the Three Windows.
Most of the buildings on the edge of the estate have been rebuilt to give tourists a better idea of how they originally looked.
By 1976, thirty percent of Machu Picchu had been restored and restoration work continues to this day.
For example, the most common photographic image format in the world is 35mm, and this was the predominant film size at the end of the analogue film era.
It is still being manufactured today, but more importantly, its aspect ratio has been inherited by the formatting sensors of digital cameras.
The 35mm format is actually 36mm wide and 24mm high, which is slightly misleading.
Therefore, it is said that the aspect ratio of this format (by dividing by twelve to get the simplest whole number ratio) is 3:2.
Many common formats (the APS family of formats, for example) are equivalent to or roughly correspond to this aspect ratio.
The rule of thirds, often misused and abused, is a simple guideline that creates dynamics while maintaining a sense of order in an image.
It states that the most effective place for the main subject is at the intersection of lines that divide the image into vertical and horizontal thirds (see example).
During this period in European history, the Catholic Church, which had become wealthy and powerful, became the subject of criticism.
For over a thousand years, the Christian religion had bound the countries of Europe together despite variations in language and customs.
His omnipresent power affected everyone from the king to the common man.
One of the main tenets of Christianity is that wealth should be used to alleviate suffering and poverty, and that the church’s financial resources should be specifically for that purpose.
The central authority of the church had been in Rome for over a thousand years, and this concentration of power and wealth led many to question whether this belief was being answered.
Soon after the war began, Britain initiated a blockade against the German navy.
The strategy proved effective, disrupting essential military and civilian supplies, although this blockade violated generally accepted international law codified by numerous international agreements of the last two centuries.
Britain mined international waters to prevent any ships from entering vast stretches of ocean, thereby endangering even neutral vessels.
Since the response to this tactic was limited, Germany expected a similar response to its unrestricted submarine warfare.
During the 1920s, the main attitudes of the majority of citizens and nations were pacifism and isolationism.
After witnessing the horrors and devastation of war during the First World War, nations wanted to avoid such a situation again in the future.
In 1884, Tesla moved to the United States of America to accept a position with the Edison Company in New York City.
He arrived in the US with 4 cents to his name, a book of poetry, and a letter of recommendation from Charles Batchelor (his manager in his previous position) to Thomas Edison.
Ancient China had a unique way of representing different periods of time; each period of Chinese history or each family in power was a distinct dynasty.
There was also a period of instability of fragmented states between each dynasty. The most famous of these periods was the Three Kingdoms period, which occurred for 60 years between the Han and Jin dynasties.
During these periods, fierce wars occurred between many nobles who were fighting for the throne.
The Three Kingdoms period was one of the most bloody periods in the history of Ancient China; thousands of people died fighting to sit on the highest seat in the grand palace in Xi'an.
There are a number of social effects such as the use of the metric system, a shift from absolutism to republicanism, nationalism and the belief that the country belongs to the people, not just one ruler.
Also, professions were open to all male candidates after the Revolution, enabling the most ambitious and successful to prosper.
The same is true of soldiers, because rather than army ranks being based on class, they were now being based on the quality of the gun.
The French Revolution also inspired many other working-class people who were under oppression in other countries to begin their own revolutions.
Muhammad had a great interest in matters beyond this worldly life. He used to go to a cave and came to be known as "Hira" on Mount "Noor" (light) for contemplation.
The cave itself, which has outlived the ages, gives a very vivid image of the spiritual inclinations of Muhammad.
Lying on the summit of one of the mountains north of Mecca, the cave is completely isolated from the rest of the world.
In truth, it's not easy to find at all, even if you know it exists. Once you are inside the cave, it is complete isolation.
There is no way to see anything except the beautiful clear sky above and the numerous surrounding mountains. Very little of this world can be seen or heard from inside the cave.
The Great Pyramid of Giza is the only one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World that still stands today.
Built by the Egyptians in the third century BCE, the Great Pyramid is one of many large pyramid structures built to honour deceased Pharaohs.
The Giza Plateau, or "Giza Necropolis" in the Valley of the Dead in Egypt, includes a number of pyramids (the Great Pyramid is the largest), a number of small tombs, a number of temples, and the Great Sphinx.
The Great Pyramid was built to honour the Pharaoh Khufu, and many of the smaller pyramids, tombs, and temples were built to honour Khufu’s wives and family members.
The tick mark "upward bwa" looks like a V and the "downward bwa" looks like a staple or a square with its bottom side missing.
Up means you should start at the front and push the bow, and down means you should start at the heel (where your hand holds the bow) and pull the bow.
A rising bow usually creates a softer sound, while a falling bow is stronger and more detached.
You are welcome to mark your own scores with a pencil, but remember that the bar lines are there for musical reasons, so they should usually be treated with respect.
King Louis XVI, Queen Marie Antoinette and their two young children (Marie Therese, 11 years old, and Louis-Charles, 4 years old) and the King’s sister, Madam Elizabeth, were horrified and forced back to Paris from Versailles on October 6th, 1789 by a mob of market women.
In a carriage, they travelled back to Paris surrounded by a swarm of people screaming and shouting threats against the King and Queen.
The mob of people forced the King and Queen to have the windows of their carriage open wide.
At one time, a member of the court waved a royal bodyguard’s head, which had been severed in front of the Queen who was terrified for her life.
The cost of the United States’ imperial war in the conquest of the Philippines was paid for by the Filipino people themselves.
They were forced to pay taxes to the colonial regime of the U.S. to pay a large sum of the expenditure and the cost on funds that were being raised in the name of the Philippine government through Wall Street banking houses.
Of course, the special profit derived from exploiting Filipino people would be equivalent to the basic gains of U.S. imperialism.
To understand the Templars, you must understand the context and motivations that led to the creation of the order.
The period in which these events occurred is commonly referred to as the High Middle Ages, the period of European history in the 11th, 12th, and 13th centuries (roughly 1000–1300 AD).
The High Middle Ages were preceded by the Early Middle Ages and followed by the Late Middle Ages, which traditionally ended around 1500.
Technological determinism is a term that encompasses a wide range of ideas in practice, from pushing technology or technological necessity to a strict sense that human action is being motivated by fundamental logic connected to scientific laws and their manifestation in technology.
The majority of interpretations of technological determinism share two general ideas: that the development of technology itself follows a path beyond cultural or political influence to a large extent, and that technology in turn has “effects” on indigenous societies, rather than being socially constructed.
For example, someone might say that the motor car inevitably leads to the development of roads.
However, the road network across the country is not economically viable for solely transporting grain, so new production methods are being developed to reduce the cost of car ownership.
The increasing ownership of cars also leads to a higher number of casualties on the roads, which leads to the development of new techniques in healthcare for treating damaged bodies.
There was a significant element of cultural enthusiasm in Romanticism, drawn from authors such as Goethe, Fichte, and Schlegel.
Within the context of Romanticism, geography shaped individuals, and over time customs and a culture arose that belonged to that geography, and these, existing in harmony with the place of society, were better than laws imposed externally.
Just as Paris is known as the fashion capital of the contemporary world, Caer Gystennin (Caernarfon) was considered the fashion capital of feudal Europe.
His fame began as a central figure of wisdom around 400 BC and lasted until around 1100 AD.
His status declined during the twelfth century, mainly due to the fact that Crusaders returned bringing gifts such as silks and spices which were worth more than what Byzantine markets offered.
This is when the title of Fashion Capital was transferred from Constantinople to Paris.
Gothic style reached its peak between the 10th-11th century and the 14th century.
Initially, clothing was heavily influenced by Byzantine culture in the East.
However, due to the slow communication channels, fashions in the West could be up to 25 to 30 years behind.
Towards the end of the Middle Ages, Western Europe began to develop its own style. One of the biggest developments of the age as a result of the crusades, people began to use buttons to fasten clothes.
Subsistence farming is farming that is done to produce enough food to meet the needs of the farmer and their family only.
Sustainable agriculture is a simple, often organic system that uses locally adapted seeds native to the ecoregion along with crop rotation or other quite simple techniques to ensure the greatest possible yield.
Historically, most farmers engaged in subsistence agriculture, and this remains true in many developing nations.
Subcultures bring together individuals from the same background who feel they are being marginalized by social norms, allowing them to develop a sense of identity.
Subcultures can be unique due to the age, ethnicity, class, location, and/or gender of their members.
The characteristics that define a subculture as unique can be linguistic, aesthetic, religious, political, sexual, geographical, or a combination of factors.
Members of subcultures often express their affiliation through unique and symbolic use of style, which includes fashions, customs, and slang.
One of the most common methods used to illustrate the importance of socialisation is to draw on the few unfortunate cases of children who, through neglect, bad luck, or intentional abuse, were not socialised by adults as they grew up.
Children of this kind are called "feral" or wild. Some feral children have been held captive by people (usually their own parents); in some cases the children were abandoned because the parents could not cope with the child’s severe intellectual or physical disability.
Wild children may have experienced abuse or serious trauma as children before being left or running away.
It is claimed that others have been raised by animals; it is said that some have lived in the wild on their own.
When raised entirely by non-human animals, the wild child exhibits behaviours (within physical limitations) almost entirely like those of the specific animal caring for it, such as its fear of or indifference towards human beings.
Although learning based on projects should make learning easier and more interesting, scaffolding goes beyond that.
Scaffolding is not a method of teaching but rather support that assists individuals who are having a new learning experience, such as using a new computer program or starting a new project.
Scaffolding can be both virtual and real, in other words, a teacher is a kind of scaffolding but so too is the paperclip guy in Microsoft Office.
Scaffolding has been embedded in the software and is intended to question, support, and explain procedures that students might have found difficult to cope with on their own.
Children are being placed in Foster Care for a wide range of reasons, varying from neglect, abuse, and even infanticide.
No child should have to grow up in an environment that isn't nurturing, caring, and educational, but they do.
We believe that the Nutritional Care System is a safe haven for these children.
Our foster care system is to provide safe homes, caring foster parents, stable education, and reliable healthcare.
Nutritional care is to provide all the necessities that were not being provided in the home they were taken from.
The internet combines elements of both mass communication and interpersonal communication.
Specific features of the internet lead to additional dimensions in terms of attitudes towards uses and gratifications.
For example, "learning" and "socializing" are cited as important motivators for using the Internet (James et al., 1995).
"Personal involvement" and "ongoing relationships" were also identified as new complicating aspects by Eighmey and McCord (1998) when they investigated audience responses to websites.
The use of video recording has led to important discoveries in uncovering micro-expressions, which are fleeting facial movements lasting only a few milliseconds.
Specifically, it is claimed that it is possible to detect whether an individual is lying by correctly interpreting microexpressions.
In his lecture paper, President’s Speech, Oliver Sacks suggested how people who cannot understand language due to brain damage are still able to accurately assess sincerity nonetheless.
He even suggests that such abilities in interpreting human behaviour could be shared by animals like domestic dogs.
Twentieth-century research has shown that there are two pools of genetic variation: cryptic and expressed.
Mutation adds new genetic variation, and selection draws from the pool of variation expressed.
Separation and reunion move back and forth between two pits with each generation.
Out in the wild, it is difficult for a primate with a digestive system similar to that of humans to satisfy its amino acid requirements from available plant resources.
Furthermore, failure to do so has serious consequences: slowed growth, malnutrition, and ultimately death.
The most readily available plant resources would be the proteins found in leaves and seeds, but these are difficult for primates like us to digest unless they are cooked.
In contrast, animal foods (eggs, termites, larvae) are not only easy to digest, but they also provide many proteins containing all the essential amino acids.
Considering everything, we shouldn't be surprised if our own ancestors had solved their "protein problem" in much the same ways that chimpanzees on the savanna do today.
Sleep inertia is the process of purposefully interrupting your sleep during your typical sleep period and falling back asleep a short time later (10-60 minutes).
It’s possible to make this easy by using a relatively quiet alarm clock to bring you to awareness without fully waking you up.
If you find yourself resetting the clock in your sleep, you can put it on the other side of the room, forcing you to get out of bed to turn it off.
Other options based on biorhythms include drinking plenty of fluids (especially water or tea, which we know is diuretic) before bed, forcing someone to go to urinate.
The amount of inner peace an individual has corresponds inversely to the sum of trauma in someone's body and soul.
The lower the tension, the more powerfully life force is present. Everyone has the potential to discover peace and complete contentment.
Everyone is capable of enlightenment. The only thing hindering this goal is our own ignorance and negativity.
Tibetan Buddhism is based on the teachings of the Buddha, but it was extended by the Mahayana path of loving-kindness and by many techniques from Indian Yoga.
In principle, Tibetan Buddhism is very simple. It includes Kundalini Yoga, meditation and a path of complete love.
In Kundalini Yoga, the Kundalini energy (energy of enlightenment) is unfrozen through yoga postures, breathing exercises, mantras and visualisation.
The central focus of Tibetan meditation is Deity Yoga. By visualizing various deities, the energy channels are cleansed, the chakras are activated, and an awareness of luminosity is created.
Germany was a common enemy in World War II, leading to cooperation between the Soviet Union and the USA. With the end of the war, it caused conflict in terms of system, process and culture for the guerrilla countries.
Within two years of the end of the war, the former allies were now enemies and the Cold War began.
I would continue for the next 40 years and it would be fought, truly, by proxy armies, on battlefields from Africa to Asia, in Afghanistan, Cuba, and many other places.
By September 17, 1939, the Polish defenses had already collapsed, and the only hope was to retreat and reorganize along the Romanian border.
However, these plans were almost overnight superseded when over 800,000 soldiers from the Red Army of the Soviet Union entered and created fronts in Belarus and Ukraine after attacking eastern regions of Poland in violation of the Treaty of Riga, the Soviet-Polish Non-Aggression Pact, and other international agreements, both bilateral and multilateral.
Using ships to transport goods is the most efficient way over long distances to move large numbers of people and goods across oceans.
The work of navies has traditionally been to ensure your country maintains the ability to move its people and goods, whilst simultaneously interfering with your enemy’s ability to move its people and goods.
One of the most notable recent examples of this was the Battle of the Atlantic in World War II. The Americans were trying to move men and materials across the Irish Sea to help Britain.
At the same time, the German navy was trying to stop this traffic, mainly using U-boats.
If the Allied forces had failed, it is likely that Germany would have been able to invade Britain as it did in the rest of Europe.
It appears that goats were first domesticated around 10,000 years ago in the Zagros Mountains of Iran.
These ancient cultures and tribes began to keep them for easy access to milk, wool, meat and skin.
Generally, domestic goats were kept in herds that roamed on hills or other grazing areas, with goat herders often caring for them – who were usually children or young people, similar to the more familiar shepherd. These herding methods are still used today.
Carriage roads were built in England as early as the 16th century.
Although wagon floors consisted of simple wooden planks alone, they enabled horses to be pulled to achieve higher speeds and haul heavier loads than on the slightly rougher roads of the period.
Wooden sleepers were introduced quite early to hold the rails in place. Gradually, however, it was realised that rails would be more effective if they had a strip of iron on top.
This became a common practice, but the iron caused more decay on the wooden ribs of the wagons.
Eventually, wooden pins were replaced by iron pins. In 1767, the first full iron rails were introduced.
Walking was the first method of travel that we know of, with humans beginning to walk approximately two million years ago with the appearance of Homo Erectus (which means upright man).
Their ancestors, Australopithecus, did not walk upright as often.
Evidence of bipedalism has been found in Australopithecus fossils dating back 4.2-3.9 million years, although Sahelanthropus may have walked on two legs as early as seven million years ago.
We can start living more kindly towards the environment, we can join the environmental movement, and we can even be activists to reduce the suffering of the future to some extent.
This is just like symptomatic treatment in many cases. However, if we don’t want a temporary solution only, then we should discover the root of the problems, and we should address them.
It is quite obvious that the world has changed a lot due to the scientific and technological developments of humankind, and problems have become more prevalent due to overpopulation and humankind’s wasteful way of life.
After it was adopted by Congress on July 4th, a draft in manuscript signed by the President of Congress John Hancock and the Secretary Charles Thomson was sent a few blocks away to the printing shop of John Dunlap.
Overnight, between 150 and 200 copies were made, now known as "Dunlap broadsides".
The first public reading of this document was by John Nixon in the grounds of Independence Hall on July 8th.
One was sent to George Washington on July 6, and was read to his soldiers in New York on July 9. A copy reached London on August 10.
The 25-page Dunlap broadsides, known to still exist, are the oldest surviving copies of the document. The original handwritten copy has not survived.
Many paleontologists today believe that one group of dinosaurs survived and are still alive today. We call them birds.
Many people don't think of them as dinosaurs because they have feathers and can fly.
But many birds have features that still look like dinosaurs.
They have feet with claws and beaks, they lay eggs, and they walk on their two hind legs like a T-Rex.
Every computer for all practical purposes being used today is based on processing information that is encoded in the form of binary numbers.
A binary digit can only have one of two values, namely 0 or 1, and these numbers are referred to as binary digits, or bits, to use computer jargon.
Internal poisoning may not be obvious immediately. Symptoms, such as blowing, are common enough that a diagnosis cannot be made right away.
Perhaps the best sign of internal poisoning is the presence of an open container of medicine or poisonous chemicals in the home.
Check the label for specific first aid instructions for that particular poison.
The term 'scavengers' is formally used by entomologists for this group of insects.
This term originates from being well-acquainted with bedbugs, which are insects greatly adapted to parasitise human beings.
Fleas and bedbugs are colorless, adapted to live in the nest or home of their host.
Throughout the United States, there are approximately 400,000 known cases of Multiple Sclerosis (MS), leaving it as the primary neurological condition in younger and middle-aged adults.
Multiple sclerosis is a condition that affects the central nervous system, which includes the brain, spinal cord and optic nerve.
Research has found that women are twice as likely to develop Multiple Sclerosis than men.
A couple may decide it is not in their best interests, nor in the best interests of their child, to raise a baby.
These couples are able to choose to make an adoption plan for their baby.
In an adoption, the biological parents terminate their rights as parents so that another couple can become the child's parents.
The primary goal of science is to understand how the world works through the scientific method. In reality, this method guides most scientific research.
It is not on its own head, however, experimentation, which is a test used to eliminate one or more of the possible theories, asking questions, and making observations, also steers scientific research.
Naturalists and philosophers were focusing on classical texts, and, specifically, on the Bible in Latin.
Aristotle's opinion was accepted on all matters of science, including psychology.
As understanding of Greek declined, the West found itself separated from its Greek philosophical and scientific roots.
Many rhythms observed in physiology and behaviour often depend on the presence of internal cycles and their generation through biological clocks.
Periodic rhythms, which are not solely responses to periodic external stimuli, have been documented for most living things, including bacteria, fungi, plants, and animals.
Biological clocks are self-sustaining oscillators that will continue with a period of free-running cycles even in the absence of external cues.
The Hershey-Chase experiment was one of the leading pieces of evidence that DNA is the genetic material.
Hershey and Chase used bacteriophages, or viruses, to introduce their own DNA into bacteria.
They conducted two experiments, either marking the phage DNA with radioactive phosphorus or the phage protein with radioactive sulfur.
Mutations can have a variety of different effects depending on the type of mutation, the significance of the piece of genetic material being affected and whether the affected cells are germline cells.
Only mutations in germ cells can be passed on to children, but mutations in other places can cause cells to die or cause cancer.
Nature-based tourism attracts people who are interested in visiting natural areas in order to enjoy the scenery, including plant and animal wildlife.
Examples of activities on the site include hunting, fishing, photography, bird watching, and visiting parks and studying information about the ecosystem.
An example is visiting, taking pictures of, and learning about orangutans in Borneo.
Every morning, people leave small towns in the countryside in cars to go to their workplaces, and they are passed by others who are going to their work destination in the place they have just left.
In this smooth, dynamic transport, everyone is somehow connected to a system of private cars, and supports the system.
By now, science suggests that this vast carbon economy has pushed the biosphere out of one of the stable states that has supported human evolution for the last two million years.
Everyone participates in society and uses transport systems. Almost everyone complains about transport systems.
In developed countries, you rarely hear comparable levels of concern about water quality or collapsing bridges.
Why do transport systems collapse in such a way, why do they fail every day? Are transport engineers incompetent? Or is something more fundamental happening?
Traffic flow is the study of the movement of individual drivers and vehicles between two locations and the interactions they have with each other.
Unfortunately, studying traffic flow is difficult because driver behaviour cannot be predicted with one hundred percent certainty.
Fortunately, drivers tend to behave within a reasonable range of consistency; therefore, traffic flows tend to have some reasonable regularity and can be roughly represented mathematically.
To better represent traffic flow, relationships have been established between the three main characteristics: (1) flow, (2) density, and (3) speed.
These relationships help to plan, design and implement road infrastructure.
Insects were the first animals to fly. Their ability to fly helped them avoid predators more easily and find food and mates more efficiently.
Most insects have the advantage of being able to fold their wings back along their bodies.
This gives a wider range of small places for them to hide from pursuers.
Today, the only insects that cannot fold their wings back are dragonflies and mayflies.
Thousands of years ago, a man named Aristarchus said that the Sun revolved around the Sun.
Some people believed he was right, but many people believed the opposite; that the Solar System revolved around the Earth, including the sun (and even the other stars).
This seems sensible, because the Earth doesn’t feel like it’s moving, does it?
The Amazon River is the second longest and largest on Earth. It carries more than 8 times as much water as the largest river except one.
The Amazon is also the widest river on Earth, being six miles wide at times.
Twenty percent of the water flowing from the planet's rivers into the oceans comes from the Amazon.
The main Amazon River is 6,387 kilometers (3,980 miles). It collects water from thousands of smaller rivers.
Although the construction of pyramids continued until the end of the Old Kingdom, the pyramids of Giza were never surpassed in either their size or the sophistication of their construction techniques.
The ancient Egyptians of the New Kingdom marvelled at the tombs of their ancestors, which were by then well over a thousand years old.
The population of Vatican City is around 800. It is the smallest independent country in the world and the country with the lowest population.
The Vatican City uses Italian in its legislation and official correspondence.
Italian is also the everyday language used by most of those who work in the state, while Latin is often used in religious ceremonies.
All citizens of Vatican City are Catholics.
People have known about basic chemical elements like gold, silver, and copper since ancient times, as each of these can be found in native form and they are relatively simple to mine with primitive tools.
Aristotle, a philosopher, theorized that everything was made of a mixture of one or more of four elements: earth, water, air, and fire.
This was more like the four states of matter (in the same order): solid, liquid, gas and plasma, although he theorised they also changed into new substances to form what you see.
Essentially, alloys are a mixture of two or more metals. Remember that there are many elements on the periodic table.
Elements such as calcium and potassium are considered metals. Of course, there are also metals like silver and gold.
You can also get alloys that contain a small amount of non-metallic elements like carbon.
Everything in the universe is made of matter. All matter is made of tiny particles called atoms.
Atoms are so incredibly small that trillions of them could fit into the full stop at the end of this sentence.
So, the pencil was a good friend to many people when it came out.
Unfortunately, as new writing methods have emerged, the pencil has been relegated to a less important status and use.
Now people are writing messages on computer screens, without having to get close to a keyboard.
No one can help but wonder what the shelf life will be when something newer comes along.
The fusion bomb works on the principle that it takes energy to form a nucleus with many protons and neutrons.
It's rather like rolling a drunk whale up a hill. Splitting the nucleus again releases some of that energy.
Some atoms have unstable nuclei which means they tend to break apart from each other with little or no prompting.
The surface of the Moon is made of rocks and dust. The outer layer of the Moon is called the regolith.
The crust is about 70 kilometers thick on the near side and about 100 kilometers thick on the far side.
It is thinner under the plains and thicker under the highlands.
There may be more lunar pits on the near side because the crust is thinner. It was easier for lava to rise to the surface.
Content theories focus on what drives people or what appeals to them.
These theories suggest that people have specific needs and/or desires that have been internalized as they matured into adults.
These theories look at what makes specific people desire the things they desire and what things in their environment will make them do or not do specific things.
Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs theory and Herzberg's Two-Factor theory are two popular comprehensive theories.
And generally speaking, there are two behaviours that can arise as leaders begin to lead their former peers. One end of the spectrum is trying to remain "one of the guys" (or methods).
This type of manager struggles to make unpopular decisions, carry out disciplinary measures, performance assessments, determine accountability, and hold people responsible.
On the other end of the spectrum, one becomes an unrecognizable individual who feels they must change everything the team has been doing and take ownership of it.
Ultimately, the leader is responsible in the final analysis for the team’s success or failure.
This behaviour often leads to friction between the leaders and the rest of the team.
The challenge teams are held to the same standards as conventional teams, but there are inherent differences.
Virtual team members often act as a point of contact for their direct corporate group.
They often have more autonomy than conventional team members as it’s possible their team meets according to different time zones that their local managers may not understand.
The presence of a truly "invisible team" (Larson & LaFasto, 1989, p109) is also a unique component of the virtual team.
The "invisible team" is the management team to which every member reports. The invisible team sets the standards for every member.
Why would an organisation want to go through the laborious process of establishing a learning organisation? One goal of putting organisational learning concepts into practice is innovation.
When all available resources are used effectively across an organisation’s functional departments, creativity and ingenuity can emerge.
As a result, the process of establishment can work together to overcome obstacles leading to a new innovative process to serve customer needs.
Before an organization can be innovative, leaders must create a culture of innovation as well as shared knowledge and organizational learning.
Angel (2006) explains the Continuum method as one used to help organisations reach a higher level of performance.
Neurological data provides physical evidence for a theoretical approach to investigating cognition. Therefore, it limits the field of research and makes it much more detailed.
The relationship between brain pathology and behaviour assists scientists in their research.
It has long been known that different types of brain damage – traumas, injuries, and tumours – can affect behaviour and cause changes in some mental functions.
The rise of new technologies allows us to see and investigate brain structures and processes that have never been seen before.
This gives us a lot of information and material for building simulation models that help us understand processes in our minds.
Although there is a link between science fiction and Artificial Intelligence, Artificial Intelligence forms a very important branch of computer science, dealing with intelligent behaviour, learning and adaptation in machines.
Research in Artificial Intelligence involves making machines automate tasks that require intelligent behaviour.
Examples include controlling, planning and scheduling, the ability to respond to diagnoses and customer questions, as well as recognising handwriting, voice and face.
Things of that nature have become separate disciplines, which focus on offering solutions to real-life problems.
The AI system is now frequently used in fields of economics, medicine, engineering and the armed forces, as it has been built into many home computer apps and video game software.
Field trips are an important part of any classroom. Quite often, a teacher would happily take her students to places where a bus trip isn't possible.
Technology offers the solution with virtual field trips. Students can examine artifacts in museums, visit an aquarium, or admire beautiful art while sitting with their class.
Sharing trip ideas is really a great way to brainstorm and share experiences with cohorts in the future.
For example, every year students from Bennet School in North Carolina plan a website about their trip to the State Capitol, the website is remodelled every year, but old versions are kept online to serve as an archive.
Blogs can also help to improve students’ writing. Although students often begin their blogging experience with poor grammar and spelling, the presence of an audience generally changes this.
Since students are often the most critical audience, the blogger begins to strive to improve their writing to avoid criticism.
Blogging also "forces students to become more aware of the world around them". The need to feed the audience's interest inspires students to be capable and interesting (Toto, 2004).
Blogging is a tool that inspires collaboration, and encourages students to extend learning far beyond the traditional school day.
Appropriate use of blogs can “encourage students to become more analytical and critical; by responding actively to materials on the Internet, students can define their position in the context of other writings as well as outline their own viewpoints on specific issues” (Oravec, 2002).
Ottawa is Canada's federal, bilingual capital and contains a variety of art galleries and museums showcasing Canada yesterday and today.
Further south is Niagara Falls, and the north is home to the natural beauty of Muskoka and beyond, untouched.
All these things and more showcase Ontario as what is considered wholly Canadian by people from outside.
Large areas further north are quite sparsely populated, and some are almost wilderness with no one living in them.
For a comparison that surprises many people: there are more African Americans living in the United States than there are Canadian citizens.
The islands of East Africa are in the Indian Ocean off the eastern coast of Africa.
Madagascar is the furthest away, and a continent on its own in terms of wildlife.
Most of the smaller islands are independent nations, or are associated with France, and are known as locations for luxurious beach holidays.
The Arabs brought Islam to the lands as well, and it gained a large foothold in the Comoros and Mayotte.
European influence and colonialism began in the 15th century, as the Portuguese navigator Vasco da Gama discovered the Cape Route from Europe to India.
In the north, the region borders the Sahel, and in the south and west with the Indian Ocean.
Women: It is recommended that any female travellers state that they are married, whatever their actual marital status may be.
It also helps with dressing up (but not one that looks too drab).
Men should realise that cultural differences could lead to what they would consider harassment and that it is not uncommon to be followed, to have your arm grabbed, etc.
Be firm in rejecting men, and don't be afraid to stand your ground (cultural differences or not, it doesn't make it right!).
The modern city of Casablanca was founded by Berber fishermen in the 10th century. Before the Common Era, it was used by the Phoenicians, Romans, and Merinids as a strategic port known as Anfa.
The Portuguese destroyed and rebuilt it under the name Casa Branca, only to abandon it after an earthquake in 1755.
The sultan of Morocco rebuilt the city as Daru I-Badya, and it was named Casablanca by Spanish merchants who established trading centres there.
Casablanca is one of the least interesting places to shop in all of Morocco.
Around the old Medina, it's easy to find places selling traditional Moroccan goods, such as tagines, pottery, leather goods, spices, and a whole spectrum of herbs, but it's all geared towards tourists.
Goma is a tourist city in the Democratic Republic of Congo, in the far east near Rwanda.
In 2002, Goma was devastated by lava from the Nyiragongo volcano, which buried most of the town's streets, particularly the town centre.
While Goma is reasonably safe, any visits outside of Goma should be investigated to understand the state of the fighting that continues in North Kivu province.
The city is also the starting point for climbing Mount Nyiragongo as well as tracking mountain gorillas, which are among the cheapest in Africa.
You can use boda-bodas (motorbike taxis) to travel around Goma. The usual (local) price is ~500 Congolese Francs for a short journey.
Along with its relative obscurity, "Timbuktu" is used as a trope for exotic, distant lands.
Today, Timbuktu is a poorer town, although its good name makes it an attraction for tourists, and it has an airport.
In 1990, it was added to the list of World Heritage Sites in danger, due to the threat of the advancing sand dunes.
He was one of the main commentators during the Henry Louis Gates PBS special, Wonders of the African World.
The city completely contrasts with other cities in the country, because it has more Arabic than African influence.
Kruger National Park (KNP) is located in the northeast of South Africa and runs along the border with Mozambique to the east, Zimbabwe to the north, and the Crocodile River forms the southern border.
The park covers 19,500 square kilometers and is divided into 14 different eco-regions, each supporting different wildlife.
It is one of the main attractions of South Africa and is considered a prime symbol of South African National Parks (SANParks).
As with all South African National Parks, there are conservation and daily entrance fees for the Park.
It could also be useful to purchase a Wild Card, which provides access to either a selection of parks or all of South Africa’s National Parks.
Hong Kong Island gives its name to the territory of Hong Kong, and this is the place many tourists consider to be the main hub.
The parade of buildings forming the Hong Kong skyline has been compared to a glittering bar chart made visible by the presence of Victoria Harbour's water.
To get the best views of Hong Kong, leave the island and aim for the Kowloon shores opposite.
Most of Hong Kong Island's substantial urban development is densely concentrated on land reclaimed along the northern shore.
This is the place the British colonists took as their own, and so if you are looking for evidence of the territory's colonial past, this is a good place to start.
The Sundarbans is the largest mangrove coastal area in the world, extending 80 kilometers (50 miles) inland from the coast into the delta of Bangladesh and India.
The Sundarbans has been declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Sundarbans National Park is the name of the part of the forest within Indian territory.
It’s not just the mangrove swamps of the forests, however – they include some of the last stands of the great jungles that once covered the Gangetic plains.
The Sundarbans covers an area of 3,850 square kilometers, half of which is covered by waterlogged areas/marshes.
Since 1966, the Sundarbans has been a haven for wildlife, and it is estimated that there are now 400 Bengal tigers and around 30,000 spotted deer in the area.
Buses leave the inter-district bus station (across the river) throughout the day, although the majority, especially those going east to Jakar/Bumthang, depart between 06:30 and 07:30.
As the buses between areas are often full, you are advised to buy a ticket a few days in advance.
Most areas are served by small Japanese Coaster buses, which are comfortable and reliable.
Taxis are a quick and affordable way to travel to nearby places, such as Paro (Nu 150) and Punakha (Nu 200).
The Oyapock River Bridge is a bridge established by cable-stayed construction. It spans the Oyapock River to connect the cities of Oiapoque in Brazil with Saint-Georges de l'Oyapock in French Guiana.
The two waters rise to a height of 83 metres, it is 378 metres long and has two paths 3.50 metres wide.
The vertical clearance under the bridge is 15 metres. Construction work was completed in August 2011, but it did not open to traffic until March 2017.
The bridge is expected to be fully operational by September 2017, when the Brazilian toll verification systems are expected to be completed.
The Guarani were the most significant indigenous group living in what is now Eastern Paraguay, living as semi-nomadic hunters who also practiced subsistence agriculture.
The Chaco region was home to other groups of indigenous tribes such as the Guaycurú and Payaguá, who survived by hunting, gathering and fishing.
In the 16th century, Paraguay was born, previously known as "The Giant Province of the Indies", as a result of the meeting of Spanish conquerors with the native indigenous groups.
The Spanish began the period of colonization, and it lasted for three centuries.
Since the founding of Asunción in 1537, Paraguay has succeeded in preserving much of its character and indigenous identity.
Argentina is known for having one of the best polo teams and the best polo players in the world.
The biggest tournament of the year is happening in December on the polo fields in Las Cañitas.
There are also tournaments and smaller games to be seen here at other times of the year.
To get news about tournaments and where to buy tickets for polo games, check Asociacion Argentina de Polo.
The official currency of the Falkland Islands is the Falkland pound (FKP) and its value is the same as that of the British pound (GBP).
Currency can be exchanged at the only bank on the islands, located in Stanley across the road from the FIC West shop.
Generally, British pounds will be accepted anywhere in the islands and within Stanley, credit cards and US dollars are also often accepted.
On the remote islands, credit cards are unlikely to be accepted, although British and US dollars may be accepted; check with the owners in advance to determine what payment methods are acceptable.
It is almost impossible to exchange Falkland Islands currency outside the islands, so you should exchange money before leaving the islands.
Since Montevideo is south of the Equator, it is summer there when it is winter in the Northern Hemisphere, and vice versa.
Montevideo is in the subtropics; during the summer months, temperatures above +30°C are common.
Winter can be deceptively mild; temperatures rarely fall below freezing, but the wind and damp combine to make it feel colder than the thermometer says.
There are no specific "wet" and "dry" seasons: the amount of rain received remains more or less the same throughout the year.
Although many of the park's animals are used to seeing humans, the wildlife is still wild and should not be fed or disturbed.
According to park authorities, stay at least 100 feet/meters away from bears and wolves and 25 feet/meters away from all other wildlife.
No matter how tame they may seem, foxes, badgers, wildcats, otters, and almost every large animal are capable of attacking.
Every year, dozens of visitors are injured because they didn’t keep a safe distance. These animals are large, wild and potentially dangerous, so allow them their space.
Additionally, be aware that scents attract bears and other wildlife, so be careful carrying or cooking fragrant foods and keep your campsite clean.
Apia is the capital of Samoa. The town is on the island of Upolu and has a population of just under 40,000.
Apia was founded in the 1850s and has been the official capital of Samoa since 1959.
The harbour was the site of a notorious naval deadlock in 1889 when seven ships from Germany, the USA and Britain refused to leave the harbour.
All the ships were sunk, except for one British cruiser. Nearly 200 American and German lives were lost.
During the independence struggle organised by the Mau movement, a peaceful assembly in the town led to the killing of chief Tupua Tamasese Lealofi III.
There are many beaches, because Auckland occupies two harbours. The most popular ones are in three areas.
North Shore beaches (in the North Harbour area) are on the Pacific Ocean and stretch from Long Bay in the north to Devonport in the south.
The whole is almost sandy beaches with safe swimming, and most have shade provided by pohutukawa trees.
The beaches of Tamaki Drive are on Waitemata Harbour, in the affluent suburbs of Mission Bay and St Heliers in central Auckland.
These are family beaches that are sometimes crowded with a good range of shops along the shore. Swimming is safe.
The main local beer is "Rhif Un", it isn't a complex beer, but it is pleasant and refreshing. The name of the other local beer is "Manta".
There are many wines from France available, but wines from New Zealand and Australia might travel better.
The local tap water is perfectly safe to drink, but bottled water is readily available if you are concerned.
To the people of Australia, the idea of a "flat white" coffee is strange. A short black is an "espresso", a cappuccino comes loaded high with foam (not froth), and tea is served without milk.
The hot chocolate reaches Belgian standards. The fruit juices are thick but exquisite.
Many trips to the reef are made throughout the year, and injuries due to any of those causes on the reef are rare.
However, you should take advice from authorities, obey all signs, and pay close attention to safety warnings.
Box jellyfish can be seen near beaches and river estuaries between October and April north of 1770. They can occasionally be found outside of these times.
Sharks exist, however they rarely attack people. Most sharks are afraid of people and they would swim away.
Saltwater crocodiles do not actively live in the sea, their primary habitat is in the river systems north of Rockhampton.
Booking in advance gives peace of mind to the traveler that they will have a place to sleep once they reach their destination.
Travel agents often have agreements with specific hotels, although you may be able to book other types of accommodation, such as campsites, through a travel agent.
Travel agencies usually offer packages that include breakfast, transportation arrangements to/from the airport, or even combined flight and hotel packages.
They can also hold the booking for you if you need time to consider the offer or obtain other documents for your destination (e.g. a visa).
However, any changes or requests should be made through the travel agent first and not directly with the hotel.
For some festivals, the vast majority of those who attend music festivals camp on site, and most attendees consider it an essential part of the experience.
If you want to be close to the events, you’ll need to go in early to get a campsite near the music.
Although the music on the main stages has finished, perhaps remember that parts of the festival will continue to play music late into the night.
Some holiday parks have dedicated toddler areas for families with young children.
If you are crossing the North Baltic in winter, you should check the location of the cabin, as going through slush causes quite a terrifying noise for those most affected.
Saint Petersburg cruises include time in town. Cruise passengers are exempt from visa requirements (check the terms).
Casinos typically make a great effort to maximise the time and money guests spend. There are usually no windows or clocks, and it can be difficult to find exits.
They usually have special food, drink and entertainment offers to keep guests in good spirits and keep them in the building.
Some locations offer free alcoholic drinks. However, intoxication impairs judgement, and every good gambler knows the importance of staying sober.
Anyone planning to drive on high ground or over mountain passes should consider the possibility of snow, ice, or wintry conditions.
On icy and snowy roads, friction is low and you can't drive as if you were on dry asphalt.
During snowstorms, there is enough snow to trap you and it can accumulate very quickly.
Visibility can also be limited by falling or blowing snow, or by condensation or frost on vehicle windows.
On the other hand, icy and snowy conditions are common in many countries, and traffic often continues relentlessly throughout the year.
Perhaps safaris are the biggest attraction for tourists in Africa and a highlight for many visitors.
The term safari in general use refers to travelling across land to see the spectacular wildlife of Africa, especially on the savanna.
Some animals, such as elephants and giraffes, tend to come close to the fence and standard equipment will allow for good viewing.
Lions, lionesses hunting and lions are cunning sometimes and you will see them better than a deer.
The walking safari (also called a "wild walk", "cycling safari", or even "footing") involves hiking, for a few hours or several days.
The Paralympic Games will take place from August 24th to September 5th, 2021. Some events will be held in other locations throughout Japan.
Tokyo will be the only Asian city to have hosted two summer Olympic Games, after hosting the games in 1964.
If you booked your flights and accommodation for 2020 before the pandemic was announced, you may be in a favourable position.
Cancellation policies vary, but by the end of March most coronavirus cancellation policies will not extend to July 2020, when the Olympic Games had been scheduled.
Tickets for the event are expected to cost between ¥2,500 and ¥130,000, with standard tickets costing around ¥7,000.
Steaming clothes can help to dry them. Many hotels have irons and ironing boards available to borrow, even if there isn't one present in the room.
If iron isn't available, or if you're not keen on wearing scorched sandals, then you could try using hairspray, if you have any.
Be careful not to let the fabric get too hot (which can cause shrinkage, or in extreme cases, burning).
There are different ways to purify water, some more effective against specific threats.
In some areas, boiling water for a minute is enough, in other areas several minutes are needed.
Filters vary in effectiveness, and if you are concerned, you should consider buying your water in sealed bottles from a reputable company.
Travellers may come across plaques unfamiliar to them in their home regions.
Mould can spoil food, cause a painful cough, or in worse cases cause allergic reactions, spread toxins, or transmit infections.
Infectious diseases themselves, nor dangerous animals capable of injuring or killing people by force, are not usually considered pests.
Duty-free shopping is an opportunity to buy goods that are exempt from taxes and duties in certain locations.
Travellers going to countries with high taxation can sometimes save a significant amount of money, especially on products like alcoholic beverages and tobacco.
The section between Point Marion and Fairmont presents the most challenging driving conditions on the Buffalo-Pittsburgh Turnpike, frequently crossing through hilly rural landscapes.
If you are not used to driving on country roads, you will be startled: steep hills, muddy lanes, and sharp bends are common.
Speed limits have been drastically lowered compared to previous and subsequent sections – 35-40 miles per hour typically (56-64 kilometers per hour) – and strict adherence to them is even more important than usual.
Surprisingly, however, mobile phone service is much stronger here than along many other stretches of the road, e.g. the Pennsylvania Wilds.
German crusty rolls are quite good, and in Bavaria, they are plentiful and varied, similar to some of their neighbours to the south, Austria.
Fruit crumbles are common, with apples baked into a crust throughout the year, and cherries and plums appearing during the summer.
Many goods baked from Germany include pretzels, beard knots, and other wooden knots. Popular cakes often pair particularly well with cups of strong coffee.
If you have a craving for small but rich pastries, try those known as Berliner, Pfannkuchen or Knapfen, depending on the region.
Curry is a dish based on vegetables and spices, along with either lamb or vegetables.
Hair can be either "dry" or "oily" depending on the amount of moisture.
In inland regions of North India and Pakistan, yogurt is commonly used in curries; in South India and some other coastal regions of the subcontinent, coconut milk is commonly used.
With 17,000 islands to choose from, Indonesian food is an umbrella term that encompasses a vast array of regional cuisines found throughout the nation.
However, if it is used without additional conditions, the term tends to refer to the food that originally comes from the central and eastern parts of the main island of Java.
Widely available throughout the island now, Jafa cooking involves a collection of simply flavored dishes, and the main flavors favored by the Jafa people are earth nuts, chilies, sugar (especially Jafa coconut sugar), and a variety of personalized spices.
Vultures are attendants to the feet of the knight who hangs down upon the bursting of the barrel.
They offer more stability to the rider but they can have safety issues due to the possibility of the rider's foot going through them.
If a rider is thrown from a horse but their foot remains caught in the stirrup, they could be dragged if the horse runs away. To reduce this risk, a number of safety precautions can be taken.
First, most riders wear riding boots with a smooth, rather thick sole and heel.
Next, some frameworks, particularly those from England, have safety bars that allow a thief's ladder to descend from the framework if it is being pulled back by a descending horseman.
Cwm Cochamó – Chile’s premier big wall climbing destination, known as the Yosemite of South America, with a variety of large granite walls and cliffs.
The peaks boast stunning views of mountain summits. Climbers from all over the world are constantly establishing new routes amongst its endless potential of cliffs.
Snow sports, including skiing and snowboarding, are popular sports that involve gliding down a snow-covered landscape with skis or a snowboard attached to your feet.
Skiing is a great travel activity with many enthusiasts, sometimes known as "ski bums", who plan entire holidays around skiing in a specific location.
The idea of skiing is very old – cave paintings depict skiers as far back as 5000 BC!
Skiing down the slopes dates back to at least the nineteenth century, and in 1861 the first recreational ski club was opened by Norwegians in Australia.
Skiing on grass: This activity is also known as grass skiing, travel skiing or ski hiking.
It is related to but does not include skiing or alpine mountaineering, the latter on steep terrain and requiring much stronger skis and boots.
Think of the ski slope as a similar walking path.
In good conditions you can travel quite a bit further than walking – but you will very rarely get the thrill of gliding across country without a heavy backpack on rough paths.
Europe is a relatively small continent but it has many independent countries. Under normal circumstances, travelling through several countries would mean having to deal with visa applications and passport controls numerous times.
However, the Schengen Area, in this respect, functions somewhat like one country.
As long as you remain within this area, generally you can cross borders without going through passport control checkpoints yet.
Similarly, with a Schengen visa, you don't need to apply for visas to each Schengen member state separately, saving time, money and paperwork.
There is no general definition for which manufactured items are antiques. Some tax agencies define goods older than 100 years as antiques.
The definition has geographical variations, where the age limit could be lower in places like North America than in Europe.
Handicrafts can be defined as old things, even though they are younger than similar mass-produced goods.
Reindeer husbandry is an important livelihood among the Sámi, and the culture associated with the craft is also important to many with other professions.
That research, even traditionally, shows not all Sámi have been involved in large-scale reindeer herding, but have lived from fishing, hunting and the like, and kept reindeer mainly as draught animals.
Today, many Sámi people work in modern crafts. Tourism is an important income in Sápmi, the Sámi region.
Despite its widespread use, particularly among those who are not Romani, the word "Gypsy" is considered pejorative due to its association with negative stereotypes and inaccurate misrepresentation of Romani people.
If the country you are visiting becomes subject to travel advice, your travel health insurance or your trip cancellation insurance may be affected.
You might also wish to consult with the advice of governments separate from your own government, but their advice is designed for their own citizens.
For example, American citizens in the Middle East might face situations different from Europeans or Arabs.
Policy briefs are short summaries of the political situation in only one country.
The viewpoints being presented are often superficial, general and oversimplified compared to the more detailed information available elsewhere.
Severe weather is the general term for any hazardous weather phenomenon with the potential to cause damage, seriously disrupt society, or result in human loss of life.
Severe weather can happen anywhere in the world, and there are different types of it, which can depend on geography, topography, and atmospheric conditions.
Strong winds, hail, excessive rainfall, and wild floods are forms and effects of severe weather, such as thunderstorms, tornadoes, waterspouts and cyclones.
Regional and seasonal severe weather phenomena include blizzards, snowstorms, ice storms, and dust storms.
Travellers are strongly advised to be aware of any risk of severe weather affecting their area as it may impact any travel plans.
Anyone planning a visit to a country that could be considered a war zone should receive professional training.
It is likely that a search of the Internet for "Ethical Hacking Course" will offer an address for a local company.
The course will usually cover every matter discussed here in much more detail, typically with practical experience.
Typically, a course will run from 2-5 days and will include role-playing, a lot of first aid, and sometimes weapons training.
Books and magazines dealing with survival in the wilderness are common, but publications dealing with war gardens are rare.
Travellers planning elective surgery abroad must ensure they carry valid documents for the return journey.
The willingness of governments to issue passports with an undeclared gender (X) or updated documents to align with a desired name and gender varies.
The willingness of foreign governments to honour these documents is just as varied.
Security checkpoint searches have also become much more intrusive in the period after September 11, 2001.
Transgender people who haven’t had surgery shouldn’t expect to pass through scanners with their privacy and dignity fully intact.
A shorebreak is the flow that comes back from waves breaking off the beach, often in a rip or something similar.
Because of the underwater sill, the returning flow is constricted into a few deeper channels, and a fast current to deep water can form there.
Most deaths occur as a result of exhaustion while trying to swim against the current, which can be impossible.
As soon as you get out of the current, swimming back isn’t any harder than usual.
Try to aim for somewhere you won't be caught again, or, depending on your skills and whether anyone has noticed you, you might prefer to wait to be rescued.
Reverse culture shock comes before culture shock (there’s less of a newness period), it lasts longer, and can be more serious.
Travellers who had an easy time adapting to the new culture sometimes have a particularly difficult time readjusting to their native culture.
Upon returning home after living abroad, you have adapted to the new culture and lost some of the customs of your home culture.
When you went abroad for the first time, people were likely understanding and accommodating, knowing that travellers in a new country need to adapt.
It's possible people don't anticipate that patience and understanding are also needed for returning travellers.
The sound and light show at the pyramid is one of the most interesting things in the area for children.
You can see the pyramids in the darkness and you can see them in silence before the show begins.
Usually, you always hear the noise of tourists and vendors. A story of sound and light is just like a storybook.
The Sphinx is being established as a backdrop and a long-form storyteller.
The scenes are being projected onto the pyramids and the different pyramids are being illuminated.
The South Shetland Islands, discovered in 1819, are claimed by a number of countries and possess the largest number of research stations, with fifteen operating in 2020.
The Falkland Islands lie 120 kilometers north of the Peninsula. The largest is Isla Grande de Tierra del Fuego with the settlement of Villa Las Estrellas.
Others include Livingston Island, and Deception where geothermal activity from a still-active volcano overflowing provides a remarkable natural harbour.
Ellsworth Land is the region to the south of the Antarctic Peninsula, bordered by the Bellinghausen Sea.
The mountains of the Penrhyn here join the continental platform, then reappear to form a 360-kilometer chain of Ellsworth Mountains, divided by the Minnesota Reef.
The northern part, or Sentinel Range, has Antarctica's highest mountains, the Vinson Massif, with its highest peak, Mount Vinson, at 4892 m.
In remote locations, without mobile phone coverage, a satellite phone might be your only option.
A moon phone generally doesn't replace a mobile phone, as you have to be outside with a clear line of sight to the moon to make a phone call.
The service is frequently used by vessels, including pleasure craft, as well as journeys that have remote data and voice needs.
Your local phone service provider should be able to give you more information about connecting to this service.
Travelling and learning are an increasingly popular choice for those planning a gap year.
This is particularly popular among those leaving school, as it allows them to take a gap year before going to university, without jeopardising their education.
In many cases, registering for a gap year course abroad can improve your chances of progressing to higher education back in your home country.
Usually, there is a tuition fee to register for these educational programs.
Finland is a wonderful destination for going by boat. The "Land of a thousand lakes" also has thousands of islands, both inland and coastal archipelagos.
In the islands and lakes you don't necessarily need a sailing boat.
Although the coastal islands and the largest lakes are indeed large enough for any sailing boat, smaller vessels or even kayaks offer a different experience.
Going by boat is a national leisure activity in Finland, with boats for every seven or eight people.
This is mirrored by Norway, Sweden and New Zealand, but is otherwise quite unique (e.g. in the Netherlands the figure is one in forty).
The majority of Baltic cruises typically include a long stay in St Petersburg, Russia.
This means you can visit the historic city for a couple of days as well as return and sleep on the ship at night.
If you only go to the shore using ship's articles you will not need a separate visa (in 2009).
Some cruises include Berlin, Germany in their itineraries. As you can see from the map above, Berlin is not close to the sea at all and visiting the city is not included in the price of the cruise.
Travelling by plane can be a frightening experience for people of all ages and backgrounds, especially if they haven't flown before or experienced a traumatic event.
It’s not something to be ashamed of: it’s no different from the fears and anxieties about other things that many people have.
For some, understanding something about how an airplane works and what happens during flight can help overcome fear based on the unknown or on a lack of control.
Shipping companies are well-paid for delivering things quickly. Often, time is very important with business documents, goods, or spare parts for emergency repairs.
On some roads, the larger companies have their own frequencies, but for other roads and smaller companies there was a problem.
If they had sent things by air freight, on some routes it could have taken days to go through deconsolidation and customs.
The only way to get them through faster was to send them as registered packages. The airline’s regulations won’t allow them to send packages without a traveler, and that’s where you come in.
The obvious way to fly in first class or business class is to pay a large sum of money for the privilege (or, even better, to have your company pay for it on your behalf).
However, this is not cheap: as a general rule, you can expect to pay up to four times the usual economy price for business, and eleven times for first class!
Generally, there is no point in even looking for discounts on business or first class seats on direct flights from A to B.
Airline companies know very well that there is a specific core group of flyers who are willing to pay a lot for the privilege of reaching somewhere quickly and comfortably, and they charge the appropriate price.
Chişinău is the capital of Moldova. The local language is Romanian, but Russian is also widely used.
Moldova is a multiethnic republic that has suffered from ethnic conflict.
In 1994, this conflict led to the creation of the self-proclaimed Republic of Transnistria in eastern Moldova, which has its own government and currency but is not recognised by any country that is a member of the United Nations.
Economic ties have been re-established between these two parts of Moldova despite the failure of political talks.
The main religion in Moldova is Orthodox Christianity.
Izmir is the third largest city in Turkey with a population of around 3.7 million, the second largest port after Istanbul, and a very good transport hub.
At one time in the ancient city of Smyrna, it is now a modern, developed and bustling trading center, situated around a vast bay and surrounded by mountains.
The wide avenues, glass-fronted buildings and modern shopping centres contrast sharply with traditional red-tiled roofs, the 18th-century market, and old mosques and churches, although the city has an atmosphere more reminiscent of the Mediterranean Europe than traditional Turkey.
The village of Haldarsvik offers views of the nearby island of Eysturoy and has an unusual octagonal church.
In the churchyard, there are interesting marble sculptures of columns over some graves.
It's worth half an hour to go for a walk around the interesting village.
To the north and within easy reach lies the romantic and very interesting town of Sintra, which became famous to foreigners after a laudatory account of its landscapes by Lord Byron.
Bus 403 Scotturb travels to Sintra regularly, stopping at Cabo da Roca.
Also to the north, visit Noddfa Ein Gwraig Fatima (Shrine), a world-famous place for Marian apparitions.
Remember that you are visiting, at its core, a burial site, as well as a site that has almost immeasurable meaning to a significant portion of the world’s population.
Many men and women still live who survived that period, and many more had loved ones who were murdered or worked to death here, Jews and others who were not Jewish alike.
You should treat the site with all the dignity, reverence and respect it deserves. Do not make jokes about the Holocaust or the Nazis.
Do not deface the site by marking or scratching graffiti into structures.
Catalan and Spanish are the official languages of Barcelona. Around half prefer to speak Catalan, a large majority understand it, and virtually everyone speaks Spanish.
However, most signs are displayed in Catalan only because it has been established by law as the first official language.
And yet, Spanish is widely used in public transport and other facilities.
Regular announcements in the Metro are made in Catalan only, but unplanned fares are published in a wide variety of languages including Spanish, English, French, Arabic and Japanese.
Parisians have a bad reputation for being self-centered, rude and arrogant.
Although this is often just an inaccurate stereotype, the best way to get ahead in Paris is to be on your best behaviour, to act like someone who is “bien élevé” (well-bred). It will make getting around a lot easier.
The charming manners of the people of Paris will quickly disappear if you show a little basic courtesy.
Plitvice Lakes National Park is heavily forested, mainly with beech, spruce and pine, and contains a mixture of Alpine and Mediterranean vegetation.
It has a remarkable diversity of plant communities, due to its range of microclimates, different soils and varied altitude levels.
The area is also home to a very wide variety of animal and bird species.
There, it is possible to find rare animals such as the European brown bear, wolf, eagle, owl, lynx, wildcat and woodcock, as well as many more common species.
When visiting the monasteries, women are asked to wear skirts over their heads and have something over their shoulders, too.
Most monasteries provide cloaks for women who arrive unprepared, but if you bring your own, especially a brightly coloured one, you will receive a smile from the monk or nun at the entrance.
Along the same line, men must wear trousers that cover the shins.
This can also be borrowed from stock at the entrance, but those clothes aren’t washed after every user, so you might not feel comfortable wearing the skirts. One size fits all!
Mallorcan food, like foods from similar parts of the Mediterranean, is based on bread, vegetables and meat (especially pork), and uses olive oil throughout.
Pa amb oli, a popular simple lunch, especially during the summer, is bread with olive oil, tomato, and any topping available such as cheese, tuna, etc.
Every name, next to the word 'Sie' for you, always begins with a capital letter, even in the middle of a sentence.
This is an important way of distinguishing between some verbs and objects.
It could also be argued that it makes reading easier, although writing is somewhat complicated by the need to determine whether a verb or a noun is being used in a nominalized form.
Pronunciation is quite easy in Italian as most words are pronounced exactly as they are written.
The main letters to look out for are c and g, as the way they are pronounced varies depending on the vowel that follows.
Also, make sure you pronounce 'r' and 'rr' differently: 'caro' means dear, while 'carro' means a wagon.
Persian grammar is relatively easy and consistent overall.
Therefore, reading this grammar book would help you understand a lot about Persian grammar and understand expressions better.
It goes without saying, if you know a Romance language, it will be easier for you to learn Portuguese.
However, people who know a little Spanish can come to the hasty conclusion that Portuguese is close enough that it doesn't need to be studied separately.
Former industrial sites usually end up as museums, or educational sites, by today.
Since light pollution wasn't a problem in their surroundings as it is today, they are usually located in towns or on campuses, making them more accessible than those built in the modern period.
Most modern research telescopes are massive facilities in remote areas with favourable atmospheric conditions.
Viewing cherry blossoms, or hanami, has been an element of Japanese culture since the 8th century.
The idea came from China, where peony flowers were a flower of choice.
In Japan, the Emperor would only hold the first cherry blossom viewing parties around the Imperial Court with himself and other members of the nobility.
Plants look their best when in a natural environment, so resist the temptation to pick even a "single" specimen.
If you visit a formally arranged garden, collecting "specimens" will also get you thrown out, without discussion.
Singapore is an exceptionally safe place to be in general and very easy to get around, and you can buy almost anything after arriving.
But being located in the "high tropics" a few degrees north of the equator, you will have to cope with heat (at times) and strong sunshine (when the sky is clear, less frequently).
Some flocks also go north to Hebron, the traditional burial place of the biblical patriarchs Abraham, Isaac, Jacob and their wives.
Check that the bus you intend to take goes to Hebron and not only to the adjacent Jewish settlement of Kiryat Arba.
Inland waterways can be a good theme to base your holidays around.
For example, visiting castles in the Loire Valley, the Rhine Valley, or taking a river cruise to interesting cities on the Danube, or taking a boat ride along the Erie Canal.
They also define routes for popular walking and cycling paths.
Christmas is one of the most important festivals of Christianity, and it celebrates the birthday of Jesus.
Many of the holiday traditions are also followed by those who do not believe, living in Christian countries, and people who are not Christian at all around the world.
There is a tradition of spending Easter night awake in some open place to see the dawn break.
There are, of course, Christian theological explanations for this tradition, but it could be a pre-Christian Spring and Fertility custom.
More traditional churches often hold the Easter Vigil on Saturday night during the Easter weekend, with congregations often beginning to celebrate at midnight to celebrate the resurrection of Christ.
All the animals that originally reached the islands arrived either by swimming, flying, or rafting.
Because of the great distance from the mainland, mammals were unable to make the journey, making the giant tortoise the main breeding animal of the Galapagos.
Since the arrival of humans in the Galapagos, many mammals have been introduced, including goats, horses, cattle, large rodents, cats and dogs.
If you visit the Arctic or Antarctic regions in winter, you will experience the polar night, which means the sun does not rise above the horizon.
This offers a good opportunity to see the Northern Lights, as the sky will be dark more or less around the clock.
Because the population of these areas is sparse, and light pollution is therefore not often a problem, you will also be able to see the stars.
Japanese work culture is more hierarchical and formal than Westerners might be used to.
Suits are standard business attire, and colleagues call each other by their family names or job titles.
Teamwork in the workplace is essential, emphasizing group effort rather than praising individual talents.
Workers must often obtain approval from their superiors for any decision they make, and they are expected to obey their superiors' instructions unquestioningly.
