"We now have 4-month-old mice that are not diabetic, but used to be," he added.
Dr. Ehud Ur, professor of medicine at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia, and head of the clinical and scientific affairs department of the Canadian Diabetes Association, warned that the research is still in its early stages.
Like some other experts, he is skeptical about the curability of diabetes, noting that these discoveries have no relation to people who already have type 1 diabetes.
On Monday, Sara Danius, the permanent secretary of the Nobel Committee for Literature at the Swedish Academy, publicly announced during a radio broadcast on Sveriges Radio in Sweden, that the committee, being unable to contact Bob Dylan directly regarding the awarding of the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature, had ceased trying to reach him.
Danius said, "Right now we are doing nothing. I called and texted his closest colleague and received very friendly responses. That certainly is enough for now."
Earlier, Ring’s general manager, Jamie Siminoff, noticed the company started when his doorbell wasn’t audible in his workshop in the garage.
He built a WiFi doorbell, as he told [us].
Siminoff said that sales grew after his appearance on an episode of Shark Tank in 2013, where the show's judges refused to fund the startup.
At the end of 2017, Siminoff appeared on the shopping television channel QVC.
Furthermore, Ring resolved a lawsuit with competing security company ADT Corporation.
Although one experimental vaccine appears capable of reducing the Ebola mortality rate, so far no cure has clearly been shown to be usable for treating an existing infection.
One antibody cocktail, ZMapp, initially showed promise in the field, but formal studies indicate that it is less useful than hoped for in preventing death.
In the PALM trial, ZMapp served as a control, meaning that scientists used it as a standard to compare three other treatments against.
USA Gymnastics supports the letter from the United States Olympic Committee and acknowledges that the Olympic family certainly needs to develop a safe environment for all of our athletes.
We agree with the IOC's statement that the interests of our athletes and clubs, as well as their sport, can be better served by moving forward with significant changes within our organization than by stripping accreditation.
USA Gymnastics supports an independent investigation that could shed light on how the abuse, as so courageously described by the survivors of Larry Nassar, was able to remain unnoticed for so long, and welcomes any necessary and appropriate changes.
USA Gymnastics and the USOPC have the same goal – to make the sport of gymnastics, and others, as safe as possible, so that athletes can pursue their dreams in a safe, positive and empowering environment.
Throughout the 1960s, Brzezinski worked for John F. Kennedy as his advisor, and later for the administration of Lyndon B. Johnson.
During the 1976 elections, he advised Carter on foreign policy, then served as National Security Advisor (NSA) from 1977 to 1981, succeeding Henry Kissinger.
As National Security Advisor, he assisted Carter with the diplomatic handling of world affairs, such as the Camp David Accords in 1978; the normalization of relations between the United States and China in the late 1970s; the Iranian Revolution, which triggered the Iran hostage crisis; and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979.
The film, in which Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone star, has been nominated in all major categories.
Gosling and Stone received nominations for Best Actor and Actress respectively.
The other nominations include: Best Picture, Director, Cinematography, Costume Design, Film Editing, Original Music, Production Design, Sound Editing, Sound Mixing, and Original Screenplay.
Two songs from the film, *La La Land* (*The Fools Who Dream* and *City of Stars*), were nominated for the Best Original Song award. Lionsgate studio received 26 nominations – more than any other studio.
On Sunday evening, the US president Donald Trump, in a statement through the press secretary, announced that US troops would begin withdrawing from Syria.
The announcement was made after Trump spoke by telephone with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
Turkey will also take responsibility for guarding captured ISIS fighters, whom, according to the statement, European countries have refused to take back home.
This not only confirms that at least some dinosaurs had feathers, which is already a widespread theory, but also provides details that fossils cannot give, such as color or three-dimensional arrangement.
Scientists say that the plumage of this animal was chestnut-brown with pale or carotenoid-colored lower edges.
The discovery also provides understanding of the evolution of feathers in birds.
Because dinosaur feathers do not have a well-developed shaft, called a rachis, but do have other features of feathers – branches and barbules – the researchers concluded that the rachis is likely a later evolutionary development than those other features.
Based on the structure of the feathers, it is hypothesized that they were not used for flight, but more likely for thermoregulation or display. The researchers conjectured that the specimen shows adult plumage and not downy feathers of a juvenile, even though it is a tail from a young dinosaur.
The researchers hypothesized that the specimen shows adult plumage and not downy feathers of a juvenile, even though it is a tail from a young dinosaur.
A bomb in a car detonated near the police headquarters in Gaziantep, Turkey, yesterday morning, killing two police officers and wounding more than twenty other people.
The governor's office reported that nineteen of the wounded were police officers.
The police said they suspect a purported fighter of Daesh (ISIS) responsible for the attack.
They discovered that the Sun functions according to the same basic principles as other stars: the activity of all stars in the system was found to be driven by nothing other than their luminosity and their rotation.
The brightness and rotation are used in combination to determine the Rossby index of a star, which relates to plasma flow.
The smaller the Rossby number, the less active the star is regarding magnetic reversals.
During his journey, Iwasaki encountered problems multiple times.
He was robbed by pirates, attacked by a rabid dog in Tibet, and arrested in India.
The 802.11n standard operates on both the 2.4 GHz and 5.0 GHz frequencies.
This will enable backward compatibility with 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g, provided the base station has a dual radio.
The speeds of 802.11n are considerably higher than those of the previous standards, with a theoretical maximum transmission of 600 Mbit/s.
Duvall, married with two adult children, did not impress Miller much, to whom the story was told.
When asked for his comment, Miller said: "Mike talks a lot during the process... I was preparing myself, so I didn't really hear what he was saying."
"We aim to significantly reduce carbon dioxide emissions per unit of GDP by a notable difference by the year 2020, compared to 2005 levels," he said.
He did not set a number for the devaluation, saying that it would be done based on economic production in China.
He called on developing countries to "avoid the old path of initial pollution and subsequent cleanup."
He added that "they should not yet be asked to take on obligations that exceed their stage of development, responsibility, or capability."
The research group on Iraq presented its report at 12:00 GMT today.
It warns: No one can guarantee that any course of action in Iraq now will halt sectarian fighting, increasing violence, or a slide into chaos.
The report begins with a call for open debate and the formation of consensus in the United States regarding policy relating to the Middle East.
The report heavily criticizes almost every aspect of the current executive policy regarding Iraq and calls for an immediate change of direction.
The first of its 78 recommendations is that a new diplomatic initiative must be undertaken by the end of this year to secure the borders of Iraq against hostile interference and to re-establish diplomatic relations with its neighbors.
Current Senator and First Lady of Argentina, Cristina Fernández de Kirchner, announced her candidacy for the presidential post yesterday evening in La Plata, a city 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Buenos Aires.
Ms. Kirchner announced her intention to run for president at the Argentina Theatre, the same place where she began her campaign to be elected to the Senate in 2005, as a member of the delegation from the province of Buenos Aires.
The debate was caused by disagreement over the expenses for rescue and reconstruction following Hurricane Katrina, which some financial conservatives had already humorously nicknamed "The New Orleans affair of Bush."
Liberal criticism of the reconstruction efforts focused on the awarding of reconstruction contracts to alleged outsiders from Washington.
More than four million people came to Rome to attend the funeral.
The number of attendees was so large that it was impossible for everyone to have access to the funeral ceremony in St. Peter's Square.
Some large television screens were installed in various locations throughout Rome to allow people to watch the ceremony.
In many other cities of Italy and of the rest of the world, especially in Poland, similar arrangements were made, which were attended by a large number of people.
Historians criticized the former practices of the FBI regarding concentrating resources on cases easy to solve, especially cases concerning stolen cars, with the intention of improving the agency's success rate.
The Congress began funding an initiative on indecency in fiscal year 2005 and stipulated that the FBI must dedicate 10 agents to adult pornography.
Robin Uthappa scored the highest score through boundaries, 70 runs in just 41 balls, hitting 11 fours and 2 sixes.
Middle-order batsmen Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid played well and made a hundred-run partnership.
But after losing the captain's wicket, India scored only 36 runs, losing 7 wickets to finish the innings.
American President George W. Bush arrived in Singapore in the morning on November 16th, beginning a week-long journey through Asia.
He welcomed Singaporean Deputy Prime Minister Wong Kan Seng, and he discussed issues of commerce and terrorism with Singaporean Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong.
After a week of gains in the congressional elections, Bush told the public about the expansion of trade in Asia.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper agreed to send to the all-party committee for review the government's proposed "Clean Air Act," before its second debate, following the Tuesday 25-minute meeting with NDP leader Jack Layton in the Prime Minister's office.
Layton asked during his meeting with the prime minister to amend the environmental protection bill of the Conservatives, proposing a "detailed and complete reworking" of the Conservative party’s environmental protection bill.
Since the Federal Government intervened to take over funding of the Mersey Hospital in Devonport, Tasmania, the state government and some federal parliamentarians have consistently criticised that action as a stunt and preparation for the federal elections announced until November.
However, Prime Minister John Howard said that the action was only to secure the hospital's equipment against cuts by the Tasmanian government, by adding 45 million Australian dollars.
According to the latest bulletin, sea level readings indicated that a tsunami had been generated. Certain tsunami activity was recorded near Pago Pago and Niue.
No significant damage or injuries have been reported from Tonga, but there was a temporary power outage, which reportedly prevented Tongan authorities from receiving the tsunami warning issued by PTWC.
Fourteen schools in Hawaii, on or near the coast, were closed all day Wednesday despite the cancellation of the warning.
American President George W. Bush welcomed the announcement.
Gordon Johndroe, a spokesman for Bush, called North Korea's promise "an important step toward achieving verifiable denuclearization of the Korean peninsula."
The tenth named storm of the Atlantic hurricane season, subtropical storm Jerry, formed in the Atlantic Ocean today.
The National Hurricane Center (NHC) says that at this moment Jerry does not threaten land.
According to estimates by the US Army Corps of Engineers, 6 inches of precipitation could breach the previously damaged dams.
The Ninth Ward, which experienced flooding up to 20 feet high during Hurricane Katrina, is currently covered in waist-deep water due to an overflow from the adjacent levee.
Water is spilling over the dam in a section 100 feet wide.
Wikimedia Commons administrator Adam Cuerden expressed his frustration over the deletions, commenting for Wikinews last month.
He [Wales] essentially deceived us from the beginning. First, by acting as if it were due to legal reasons. Second, by pretending to pay attention to us, until the moment he removed the artworks.
The departure of the community member led to current efforts to develop a policy on sexual content for the website, which hosts millions of freely licensed files.
The work done was mostly theoretical, however, the program was written to simulate observations made of the Sagittarius galaxy.
The team searched for the effect that would be caused by the tidal forces between the dark matter of the galaxy and the dark matter of the Milky Way.
Just as the Moon applies a pull to the Earth, causing tides, so too does the Milky Way apply a force to the Sagittarius galaxy.
The scientists were able to conclude that dark matter influences other dark matter in the manner of ordinary matter.
This theory states that the darkest matter around a galaxy surrounds the galaxy as a kind of halo and consists of many small particles.
Television reports show white smoke coming from the power plant.
Local authorities are warning residents near the power plant to stay indoors, turn off air conditioners, and not drink tap water.
According to the Japanese nuclear agency, radioactive cesium and iodine have been detected at the plant.
Instances suggest that this means that containment vessels holding nuclear fuel on site may have ruptured and are now leaking.
Dr. Tony Moll discovered Extremely Drug-Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in the South African region of KwaZulu-Natal.
In an interview, he said that the new variant is "very disturbing and alarming, because it has a very high mortality rate."
Some patients may have been infected with the bacteria in the hospital, Dr. Moll believes, and at least two of them are hospital healthcare workers.
During one year, an infected person can infect 10 to 15 close contacts.
However, the percentage of XDR-TB in the entire group of tuberculosis patients appears to be significant; 6,000 out of a total of 330,000 infected at any given time in South Africa.
The satellites, both of which weighed more than 1,000 pounds and moved at a speed of approximately 17,500 miles per hour, collided 491 miles above the Earth.
Scientists say that the explosion from the collision was enormous.
They are still trying to determine exactly how large the collision was and how the Earth will be affected.
The U.S. Strategic Command of the office of the U.S. Department of Defense is tracking the debris.
The result of the graphic analysis will be published on a public website.
A doctor who worked at the Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, will be charged with aggravated murder of his mother, after her body was found in the trunk of her car on Wednesday, Ohio authorities report.
Dr. Malar Balasubramanian, 29 years old, was found in Blue Ash, Ohio, a suburb approximately 15 miles from Cincinnati, lying on the ground next to the road in a T-shirt and underwear, evidently under the influence of strong drugs.
She led the office workers to her black Oldsmobile Intrigue, which was 500 feet away.
There they found the body of Saroja Balasubramanian, 53 years old, covered in cloths with bloodstains.
Police said the body had clearly been there for about a full day.
The first cases of the illness this season were reported in late July.
The disease is carried by pigs, and then migrates to humans through mosquitoes.
The epidemic led the Indian government to undertake measures such as installing pig traps in the severely damaged areas, distributing thousands of mosquito nets, and spraying pesticides.
The government also promised several million doses of vaccine against encephalitis, which will help prepare health facilities for next year.
Plans for this year's vaccine delivery to the historically most affected areas have been delayed due to a lack of funding and low priority compared to other diseases.
In 1956, Słania moved to Sweden, where after three years he began working for the Swedish Post Office and became its chief engraver.
He created more than 1000 postage stamps for Sweden and 28 other countries.
His work is of such recognized quality and detail that he is one of the very few "celebrities" among philatelists. Some specialize in collecting only his works.
His 1,000th stamp was the magnificent "Great Deeds of Swedish Kings" by David Klöcker Ehrenstrahl in 2000, which is listed in the Guinness Book of World Records.
He also participated in the engraving of banknotes for many countries, among the latest examples of his work are portraits of the prime minister on the front of the new Canadian 5-dollar and 100-dollar banknotes.
After the accident occurred, Gibson was transported to the hospital, but died shortly after.
The 64-year-old truck driver was not injured in the crash.
The vehicle itself was removed from the accident site at approximately 12:00 GMT on the same day.
A garage worker near the site of the accident said: "Children were waiting to cross the road, and they were all shouting and crying."
They all ran away from the site of the accident.
Other topics on the agenda in Bali include saving the remaining forests around the world and disseminating technologies to help developing countries grow in a less polluting way.
The UN also hopes to finally create a fund to help countries suffering from global warming to confront the consequences.
The money could be used for flood-resistant houses, better water management, and crop diversification.
Fluke wrote that the attempts of some to prevent women from discussing women’s health were unsuccessful.
She came to that conclusion due to the numerous positive comments and support she receives from both women and men, urging consideration of contraceptives as a medical necessity.
When the fighting stopped and the wounded were transported to the infirmary, around 40 other remaining prisoners stayed in the yard and refused to return to their cells.
Negotiators tried to improve the situation, but the demands of the prisoners are not clear.
Between 10:00 and 11:00 AM MDT, the prisoners in the yard started a fire.
Soon, officers in riot gear entered the courtyard and neutralized the prisoners with tear gas.
Firefighters finally extinguished the fire before 11:35 PM.
After the dam was built in 1963, the seasonal floods, which had spread sediment throughout the river, no longer occurred.
The sediment was necessary to create sandbanks and beaches, which housed fauna.
As a result, two fish species became extinct and two others became endangered, including the humpback chub.
Although the water level will only rise a few feet after the flood, officials hope that will be enough to replenish eroded sandbars downstream.
A tsunami warning was not issued, and, according to the Jakarta Geophysical Agency, a tsunami warning will not be issued, as the earthquake did not meet the requirement of a magnitude of 6.5.
Despite the lack of a tsunami threat, residents panicked and began abandoning their businesses and homes.
Although Winfrey was sad during the farewell, she assured her fans that she would return.
This will not be goodbye. It is the closing of one chapter and the opening of a new one.
Final results of the Namibian presidential and parliamentary elections showed that the current president, Hifikepunye Pohamba, was elected with a large margin.
Even the ruling party, the South West Africa People's Organization (SWAPO), retained a majority in the parliamentary elections.
Coalition and Afghan troops entered the region to secure the location, and other coalition aircraft were sent to assist.
The crash occurred high in mountainous terrain and was believably the result of enemy fire.
Efforts to find the crash site are meeting furious weather and harsh terrain.
The medical charity Mangola, Doctors Without Borders, and the World Health Organization say that this is the worst resurgence of the disease in the country.
Spokesperson for Doctors Without Borders Richard Veerman said: "Angola is on its way to its worst epidemic, and the situation remains very bad in Angola," he said.
The matches started at 10 AM, with very good weather and, although it rained briefly mid-morning, it was a perfect day for touch rugby.
South Africa, the highest-ranked team in the tournament, started successfully, when they achieved a very comfortable victory of 26-00 against 5th-ranked Zambia.
South Africa appeared undoubtedly unprepared during the match against their southern sisters, but gradually improved as the tournament progressed.
Their disciplined defense, football-skillful ability, and excellent teamwork set them apart, and it was clear that they were the winning team.
Officials from the city of Amsterdam and the Anne Frank House assert that the tree is infected with fungus and poses a threat to human health, insisting that it was about to fall at any moment.
They planned to cut it down on Tuesday, but saved it after the urgent verdict of the court.
All entrances to the cave, which was named "The Seven Sisters," have a diameter of at least 100 to 250 meters (328 to 820 feet).
Reddish photographs show that a variation of temperatures between night and day suggests they might be caves.
They are cooler than the surrounding surface during the day and warmer at night.
“Their temperature behavior is not as stable as in large caves of the Earth, which often maintain a fairly constant temperature, but it is consistent with those that are deep cavities in the ground,” said Glen Cushing of the astrogeology team of the U.S. Geological Survey and Northern Arizona University located in Flagstaff, Arizona.
In France, voting has traditionally been a technologically simple experience: voters isolate themselves in a booth and place the pre-printed paper ballot indicating their preferred candidate into an envelope.
After officials confirm the voter's identity, the voter inserts the ballot into the ballot box and signs the voting list.
The French electoral law sufficiently strictly codifies the procedure.
Since 1988, ballot boxes must be transparent, so that voters and observers can attest that there are no covers inside before the start of the voting and that no covers are added except those of the duly counted and authorized voters.
Candidates may send representatives to witness each stage of the process. In the evening, volunteers count the votes under close supervision, according to specific procedures.
The ASUS Eee PC, launched globally earlier for its cost-effectiveness and functionality, became a much-discussed topic at the 2007 Taipei IT Month.
But the consumer market for laptops will be extremely varied and changed after ASUS was awarded the Taiwanese Sustainability Award in 2007 by Executive Juan of the Republic of China.
The station's website describes the program as "old-fashioned radio theater with a new and scandalous science fiction twist!"
In its early days, the program was presented only on the long-running web page TogiNet Radio, dedicated to spoken-word radio.
At the end of 2015, TogiNet established AstroNet Radio as a side station.
The program initially featured amateur voice actors, locals from East Texas.
A widespread looting reportedly lasted all night, while police officers were absent from the streets of Bishkek.
Bishkek was described as descending into a state of "anarchy" by one observer, while gangs roamed the streets and looted shops for consumer goods.
Some residents of Bishkek blamed the southern-origin protesters for the lawlessness.
South Africa defeated the All Blacks (New Zealand) team in a Tri Nations rugby union match at the Royal Bafokeng Stadium in Rustenburg, South Africa.
The final result was a one-point victory, 21 to 20, ending the 15-game winning streak for the All Blacks.
For the Springboks, it ended a five-match losing streak.
It was the final match for the All Blacks, who had already won the trophy two weeks prior.
The final match of the series will take place in Ellis Park in Johannesburg next week, when the Springboks play against Australia.
A moderate earthquake shook western Montana at 10:08 AM on Monday afternoon.
The United States Geological Survey (USGS) and its National Earthquake Information Center have not received immediate reports of damage.
The earthquake was centered approximately 20 km (15 miles) north-northwest of Dillon and about 65 km (40 miles) south of Butte.
The deadly for humans strain of bird flu, H5N1, has confirmedly infected a wild duck, found on Monday in a marsh near Lyon in eastern France.
France is the seventh country in the European Union affected by this virus, after Austria, Germany, Slovenia, Bulgaria, Greece, and Italy.
Suspected cases of H5N1 in Croatia and Denmark remain unconfirmed.
Chambers prosecuted God for "widespread death, destruction and terrorizing of millions and millions of inhabitants of the Earth."
Chambers, an agnostic, argues that his lawsuit is "frivolous" and "anyone can sue anyone."
The story presented in the French opera by Camille Saint-Saëns is about an artist "whose life is determined by a love of drugs and Japan."
As a result, the performers smoked cannabis cigarettes on stage, and the play itself encourages the audience to join in.
Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, Texas Governor Rick Perry, and Congresswoman Michele Bachmann finished fourth, fifth, and sixth respectively.
When the results came in, Gingrich praised Santorum, but severely criticized Romney, who is behind a campaign of negative advertising broadcast in Iowa against Gingrich.
Perry declared that he "would return to Texas to reconsider the results of tonight's meeting, to decide if there is a path forward for myself in this competition," but later said that he is remaining in the competition and will participate in the South Carolina primary on January 21st.
Bachmann, who won the non-binding Ames straw poll in August, decided to end her campaign.
The photographer was transported to the Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center, where he later died.
It is said that he was a little over 20 years old. In a statement, Bieber said: "Although I neither attended nor was directly involved in the tragic accident, my thoughts and prayers are with the victim's family."
The entertainment news website TMZ understands that the photographer stopped his vehicle on the other side of Sepulveda Boulevard and tried to take photos of the police stop before crossing the street and continuing, which caused the California Highway Patrol officer who made the stop to order him to turn around, twice.
According to the police, the driver of the vehicle that hit the photographer is unlikely to face criminal charges.
Because only eighteen medals are available per day, some countries failed to reach the medal podium.
Among them were the Netherlands, whose Anna Jochemsen finished ninth in the women's downhill class in Super-G yesterday, and Finland, whose Katja Saarinen came tenth in the same event.
Mitchell Gourley of Australia finished eleventh in the men's standing Super-G. Czech participant Oldrich Jelinek finished sixteenth in the men's seated Super-G.
Arly Velasquez from Mexico finished fifteenth in the men's seated Super-G. New Zealander Adam Hall finished ninth in the men's standing Super-G.
Polish visually impaired skier Maciej Krezel and guide Anna Ogarzynska finished thirteenth in Super-G. South Korean Jong Seork Park finished twenty-fourth in the men's side Super-G.
The UN peacekeeping troops who arrived in Haiti after the 2010 earthquake are being blamed for the spread of the illness that began near the troop encampment.
According to the claim, waste from the UN camp was not properly disinfected, causing bacteria to enter the Artibonite River tributary, one of the largest in Haiti.
Before the troops arrived, Haiti had not had problems related to that disease since the 1800s.
The Haitian Institute for Justice and Democracy referenced independent studies which suggest that the Nepalese peacekeeping battalion of the UN unwittingly brought the illness to Haiti.
Danielle Lantagne, a UN expert on the disease, asserted that its outbreak was likely caused by the peacekeeping forces.
Hamilton confirmed that the Howard University Hospital accepted the patient in stable condition.
The patient visited Nigeria, where some cases of Ebola occurred.
The hospital followed a protocol for infection control, including isolating the patient from others to prevent potential infection of others.
Before The Simpsons, Simon worked on several programs in various positions.
During the 1980s, he worked on shows such as Taxi, Cheers, and The Tracy Ullman Show.
In 1989, he helped create The Simpsons with Brooks and Groening, and he was responsible for hiring the program’s first writing team.
Although he left the program in 1993, he retained the title of executive producer and continued to receive tens of millions of dollars each season as royalties.
Earlier, the Chinese news agency Xinhua reported that an airplane had been hijacked.
Later reports stated that the aircraft received a bomb threat and returned to Afghanistan, landing in Kandahar.
The early reports say that the airplane returned to Afghanistan after it was denied permission to make an emergency landing in Ürümqi.
Aircraft accidents are frequent in Iran, which has an aging fleet of aircraft, poorly maintained for both civilian and military functions.
Due to international sanctions, new aircraft are not purchasable.
Earlier this week, a police helicopter crash killed three people and injured three more.
Last month, Iran experienced its worst plane crash in many years, a passenger plane flying to Armenia crashed, killing 168 passengers.
In the same month, another passenger plane took off from a runway in Mashhad and crashed into a wall, killing seventeen people.
Aerosmith cancelled the rest of their concerts on their tour.
The rock band had to tour through the USA and Canada until September 16th.
They cancelled the tour after the lead singer Steven Tyler was injured, falling off the stage during a performance on August 5th.
Murray lost the first game in the tiebreak after both players held serve throughout the game.
Del Potro had an early advantage in the second set, but that also required a tie-break when the score reached 6-6.
The horse received treatment to its shoulder at that moment, but it succeeded in returning to the game.
The program started at 8:30 PM local time (3:00 PM UTC).
Famous singers throughout the land presented devotional songs, or hymns, at the feet of Shri Shyam.
Singer Sanju Sharma began the evening, followed by Jai Shankar Choudhary, who also presented the chhappan bhog offering. Singer Raju Khandelwal accompanied him.
Later, Lakhkha Singh led the singing of the devotees.
108 plates of Chappan Bhog (in Hinduism, 56 different edible items, presented to a deity, including sweets, fruits, nuts, dishes etc.) were presented to Baba Shyam.
Lakkha Singh also presented the chhappan bhog offering. He was accompanied by singer Raju Khandelwal.
On Thursday during the keynote presentation of the Tokyo Game Show, Nintendo president Satoru Iwata unveiled the appearance of the controller for the company's new console, Nintendo Revolution.
Regarding the TV remote, the controller uses two sensors located near the user's television to triangulate its position in three-dimensional space.
This will allow players to control actions and movements in video games by moving the tool through the air.
Giancarlo Fisichella lost control of the car and finished the race very quickly after the start.
His teammate Fernando Alonso led most of the race, but finished it immediately after his pit stop, possibly due to a poorly fitted right front wheel.
Michael Schumacher finished the race shortly after Alonso, due to the suspension damaged in the many collisions during the race.
She is very charming and also sings quite beautifully, he said according to a transcript of the press conference.
I was thrilled every time we played that, with all my heart.
About 3 minutes after launch, an onboard camera showed many pieces of insulating foam falling off the fuel tank.
They supposedly did not cause any damage to the spaceship.
The head of NASA's Constellation Program, N. Wayne Hale Jr., said that the foam fell off "after the time we care about."
Five minutes after the start of the show, a wind blew up, and after more or less one minute the wind reached 70 km/h... then rain began, but it was so strong and so stinging that it pricked the skin like a pin, then hail fell from the sky, and panicked and screaming people ran colliding with each other.
"I lost my sister and her friend, and on the way there were two wheelchair users, people simply stepped over them and pushed them," Armand Versace recounted.
NHK also reported that the Kashiwazaki-Kariwa nuclear power plant in Niigata Prefecture was operating normally.
Hokuriku Electric Power Company reported that the earthquake had no effect and that reactors number 1 and 2 at the Shika nuclear power plant had been shut down.
According to reports, around 9400 homes in the region are without water and approximately 100 are without electricity.
Some roads have been damaged, railway transport has been disrupted in the affected areas, and Noto Airport in Ishikawa Prefecture remains closed.
A bomb exploded near the governor's office.
Three more bombs exploded not far from government buildings over a period of two hours.
Some reports state the official death toll as eight, and official reports confirm up to 30 injured; however, the latest numbers are not yet known.
Both cyanuric acid and melamine were found in urine samples from pampered pets that died after consuming contaminated animal feed.
The two components react with each other forming crystals, which can block the function of the kidneys, researchers at the university said.
The researchers observed the formation of crystals in cat urine after adding melamine and cyanuric acid.
The composition of those crystals matches those found in the urine of the affected pampered pets, as determined by infrared spectroscopy (FTIR).
I don't know whether you are aware or not, but most of the goods from Central America come into this country duty-free.
However, eighty percent of our goods were being assessed with import duties in Central American countries.
That didn't seem logical to me; that certainly wasn't fair.
Everything I tell people is: treat us as we treat you.
The governor of California, Arnold Schwarzenegger, signed a bill that prohibits the sale or rental of violent video games to children.
The bill requires that violent video games sold in the state of California be marked with an "18" symbol, and makes their sale to a child punishable by a fine of $1000 per violation.
The chief prosecutor Keir Starmer, a Queen's Counsel, announced this morning a notice of proceedings against both Huhne and Pryce.
Huhne resigned and will be replaced in the government by parliamentarian Ed Davey. Parliamentarian Norman Lamb is expected to take over the position of commerce minister, which Davey is leaving.
Huhne and Pryce are listed to appear in Westminster Magistrates' Court on February 16th.
The victims were Nicholas Alden, 25 years old, and Zachary Cuddeback, 21 years old. Cuddeback was the driver.
Edgar Veguilla received injuries to his arm and jaw, while Kristoffer Schneider needed reconstructive surgery on his face.
Uka's rifle malfunctioned when he aimed at the head of the fifth man. Schneider continues to feel pain, remains blind in one eye, and a missing part of his skull and face is reconstructed from titanium.
Schneider testified via video link from a US Air Force base in his home country.
Besides the Wednesday event, Carpanedo competed in two individual races at the Championships.
Her first event was the slalom, where she maintained the lead until the end on her first attempt. 36 out of the 116 competitors achieved the same result in the race.
Her other race, the giant slalom, saw her finish tenth in the women's seated group, with a total race time of 4:41.30, 2:11.60 minutes slower than the leader in first place, Austrian Claudia Loesch, and 1:09.02 minutes slower than the ninth-place finisher, Gyöngyi Dani from Hungary.
Four skiers in the women's seated group failed to finish their races, and 45 out of the 117 skiers in the giant slalom failed to qualify for the downhill race.
The police of Madhya Pradesh recovered the stolen laptop and mobile phone.
The chief inspector D K Arya's assistant said: "We have arrested five people who sexually assaulted the Swiss woman, and recovered her mobile phone and laptop."
The defendants are named Baba Kanjar, Bhutha Kanjar, Rampro Kanjar, Gaza Kanjar, and Vishnu Kanjar.
Police superintendent Chandra Shekhar Solanki said that the accused appeared in court with covered faces.
Although three people were in the house when the car crashed into it, none of them were injured.
However, the driver received serious head injuries.
The road where the crash occurred was temporarily closed while rescue services freed the driver from the red Audi TT.
Initially, he was admitted to the James Paget Hospital in Great Yarmouth.
Later he was transferred to Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge.
Adekoya remained at the Edinburgh Sheriff Court, accused of murdering his son.
She is being held awaiting formal charges and trial, but any witness testimony could be influenced, as her image has been widely disseminated.
It is common practice elsewhere in the United Kingdom, but Scots law operates differently, and courts view the publication of photos as potentially prejudicial.
Professor Pamela Ferguson of the University of Dundee notes: "Journalists do seem to be approaching a dangerous line if they publish photos or other details about suspects."
The Crown Office, which is generally responsible for prosecutions, explained to journalists that no further comment would be made at least until the indictment is served.
The document, according to the leak, will reference the dispute over borders that Palestine wants to have based on the borders prior to the Middle Eastern war of 1967.
Other relevant topics, reportedly, will include the future status of Jerusalem, which is holy to both nations, and the issue of the Jordan Valley.
Israel demands a continuous military presence in the valley for ten years after the signing of an agreement, while the PA agrees to allow the presence for only five years.
Shooters in the attempt at helpful pest control had to be carefully inspected by the foresters, while the attempt was studied and its effectiveness assessed.
In partnership with NPWS and the Australian Shooting Sports Association (NSW) Inc, qualified volunteers will be recruited within the framework of the Shooting Sports Association's hunting program.
According to Mick O'Flynn, relief for the Director of Conservation of Parks and Heritage at NPWS, the four selected shooters for the first culling operation received detailed instructions on safety and training.
Martelly was sworn in yesterday to a new nine-member Provisional Electoral Council (CEP).
It is Martelly's first CEP in four years.
Last month, a presidential commission recommended the resignation of the former CEC as part of a remedy to move the country towards new elections.
The commission was Martelly's response to the widespread anti-government protests that began in October.
The protests, sometimes violent, were sparked by a failed organization of elections, some of which had been postponed since 2011.
Around 60 cases of overheating in malfunctioning iPods have been reported, resulting in a total of six fires and leaving minor burns to four people.
The Japanese Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) reported that 27 accidents related to the devices are known to it.
Last week, MEKI announced that Apple informed it of 34 new overheating incidents, which the company calls "minor."
The ministry responded, calling Apple's delay of the report "truly regrettable."
The earthquake shook Marianas at 07:19 local time (21:19 GMT on Friday).
The Northern Mariana Islands' crisis management office said there were no reports of damage in the country.
The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center also said that there was no indication of a tsunami.
A former Filipino police officer took tourists from Hong Kong hostage, hijacking their bus in Manila, the capital of the Philippines.
Rolando Mendoza shot at the tourists with his M16 rifle.
Some hostages have been released, and at least six deaths have been confirmed so far.
Six hostages, including children and the elderly, were released earlier, as were the Filipino journalists.
The photographers then replaced an old woman who needed a toilet. Mendoza was shot dead.
Liggins followed the example of his father and chose a career in medicine.
He trained as an obstetrician and began working at the National Women's Hospital of Auckland in 1959.
Working in the hospital, Liggins began researching premature birth during his free time.
Her research showed that delivery of the hormone accelerated the maturation of the fetal lung in the baby.
Xinhua reported that government investigators recovered two "black boxes," flight recorders, on Wednesday.
Even fellow wrestlers honored Lunan.
Tommy Dreamer said: "Luna was the first Queen of Extreme. My first manager. Luna passed away on the night of two moons. Quite unique, like herself. A strong woman."
Dustin "Golddust" Runnels commented, "Luna was as strange as I was... perhaps even more so... I love her and I will miss her... hopefully she is in a better place."
Of the 1400 people surveyed before the 2010 federal elections, the number who oppose Australia becoming a republic increased by 8 percent since 2008.
Acting Prime Minister Julia Gillard stated during the 2010 federal election campaign that she believes Australia should become a republic by the end of Queen Elizabeth II's reign.
Thirty-four percent of those in the opinion poll share that viewpoint, wanting Queen Elizabeth II to be the last Australian monarch.
At the extremes of the opinion poll, 29 percent of respondents believe that Australia should become a republic as soon as possible, while 31 percent believe that Australia should never become a republic.
The Olympic gold medalist had to swim 100m and 200m freestyle and in three relay races at the Games of the Commonwealth, but due to his complaints, there was doubt about his ability.
He couldn't use the medications needed to endure his pain, because they are prohibited in the Games.
Curtis Cooper, a professor of mathematics and computer science at the University of Central Missouri, discovered the largest known prime number as of today on January 25th.
Some people confirmed the discovery, using various devices and software, until the early days of February, and it was declared on Tuesday.
Comets may eventually be a source of water delivery for Earth, and also of organic matter, which can form proteins and support life.
Scientists hope to understand how planets are formed, especially how Earth was formed, because comets collided with Earth a long time ago.
Cuomo, 53 years old, began his reign earlier this year and last month signed a bill legalizing same-sex marriage.
He referred to the rumors as "political gossip and nonsense."
He will supposedly try to get elected as president in 2016.
NextGen is a system which, according to the FAA, will allow aircraft to fly shorter routes and save millions of gallons of fuel annually, as well as reduce carbon emissions.
It uses satellite technology, in contrast to older terrestrial radar technology, to allow air traffic controllers to locate aircraft with greater accuracy and to give pilots more accurate information.
No additional transport will be operating, and the overground trains will not stop at Wembley, nor will parking or park-and-ride facilities be available at the location.
Fear of a lack of transportation increased the probability that the game would be played obligatorily behind closed doors, without team supporters.
Appearing on Thursday in the magazine Science, a study reported on the formation of a new bird species on the Ecuadorian Galapagos Islands.
Researchers from Princeton University in the USA and Uppsala University in Sweden reported that the new species evolved in only two generations, although this process was believably expected to take longer, due to mating between the endemic Darwin's finch, *Geospiza fortes*, and the immigrant cactus finch, *Geospiza conirostris*.
Gold can be formed into a wide variety of shapes. It can be rolled into thin sheets.
It can be drawn to obtain a thin wire, which can be bent and braided. It can be hammered or rolled into a sheet.
It can be made very thin and glued to another metal. It can be so thin that it was once used to decorate hand-painted pictures in books called "illuminated manuscripts".
That is called the pH of a chemical substance. You can make an indicator by using beet juice.
Cabbage juice changes color depending on whether the chemical is acidic or alkaline (basic).
The pH level indicates the quantity of hydrogen (the H in pH) ions in the tested chemical substance.
Hydrogen ions are protons that have been stripped of their electrons (since a hydrogen atom consists of one proton and one electron).
Mix the two dry powders together and then, with clean, slightly damp hands, compress them into a ball shape.
Moisture on your hands will react with the outer layers, which will make you feel strange and form a sort of shell.
The cities of Harappa and Mohenjo-daro had flushing toilets in almost every house, connected to a complex network of drains.
Remains of a sewage system were found in the houses of Minoan cities of Crete and Santorini in Greece.
Toilets existed also in ancient Egypt, Persia and China. In Roman civilization, toilets were sometimes part of public bathhouses, where men and women were together in mixed company.
When you phone someone who is thousands of miles away, you use a satellite.
The satellite in space receives the phone call and reflects it back down, almost immediately.
The satellite was sent into space by a rocket. Scientists use telescopes in space because the Earth's atmosphere partially distorts light and vision.
One needs a gigantic rocket more than 100 feet tall to put a satellite or telescope into space.
The wheel changed the world in an incredible way. The greatest thing enabled by the wheel is the provision of much easier and faster transportation.
Because of it, we have a train, a car, and many other vehicles.
Under them are smaller cats, which are eating a medium-sized prey ranging in size from rabbits to antelope and deer.
Okay, here's the translation of the Esperanto sentence to English: Fine, there are many small cats (including stray pampered cats) who eat a much larger number of prey such as insects, rodents, lizards, and birds.
The secret of their success is a concept of the niche, specialization, which each cat retains, for which they do not have to compete with others.
Lions are the most social cats; they live in groups called prides.
A herd consists of one to three related adult males and many, up to thirty, females and young.
The nuns are usually closely related to each other, like a large family of sisters and daughters.
Lion prides function quite similarly to packs of wolves or dogs, which surprisingly resemble lions (but not other large cats) in behavior, and are also very deadly to prey.
A very harmonious athlete, a tiger can climb (though not very well), swim, jump great distances, and pull five times as strong as a strong man.
A tiger is in the same group (Genus Panthera) as lions, leopards, and jaguars. These four cats are the only ones that can roar.
The tiger's roar is not like the full-throated roar of a lion, but more like a phrase of hoarse, exclamatory words.
Ocelots like to eat small animals. They catch monkeys, snakes, rodents, and birds whenever possible.
Scientists believe that ocelots track and find edible animals (prey) by scent, sniffing the trails on the ground.
They can see well in the dark with night vision, and also move very stealthily. Ocelots hunt their prey by camouflaging themselves in their surroundings and then leaping onto them.
When a small group of living beings (a small population) separates from the main population from which it originates (as if they cross a mountain or river, or if they move to a new island, so that they cannot easily return), they often find themselves in an environment different from the one they were in before.
This new environment has different resources and different competitors, so the new population will have to, in order to be a strong competitor, have different traits or adaptations compared to those they needed before.
The original population hasn't changed at all; they still need the same adaptations as before.
With the passage of time, as the new population begins to adapt to its new environment, they begin to look less and less like the other population.
Okay, here's the English translation of the Esperanto sentence: Fine, with the passage of thousands or even millions of years, the two populations will look so different that they cannot be called the same species.
We call that process speciation, which simply means the formation of new species. Speciation is an inevitable consequence and a very important part of evolution.
Plants make oxygen, which people inhale, and they take away carbon dioxide, which people exhale.
Plants produce their nourishment from the sun through photosynthesis. They also provide shade.
We build our houses from plants and make clothes from plants. Most of the foods we eat are vegetables. Without plants, animals could not survive.
Mosasaurus was the tallest predator of its time, so it feared nothing except other mosasaurs.
Its long jaws were equipped with more than 70 sharp teeth, along with an additional set in its palate, meaning that nothing that encountered it could escape.
It's not certain, but it's possible that it had a forked tongue. Its diet included turtles, large fish, other mosasaurs, and it may even have been a cannibal.
It attacked everything that entered the water, and even a giant dinosaur like a Tyrannosaurus Rex would have been defenseless against it.
Although we would recognize most of their food, the Romans certainly had their own set of strange or unusual festive items, including wild boar, peacock, snails, and a type of rodent called a dormouse.
Another difference was that while poor people and women ate their food sitting in chairs, rich men preferred to have feasts together, where they would recline on their sides, eating from their plates.
Among the dishes of Ancient Rome, there could not have been foods that came to Europe from America or Asia in later centuries.
For example, they had no maize, nor tomatoes, nor potatoes, nor cocoa, and no ancient Roman ever tasted turkey.
The Babylonians built a main temple for each of their gods, which was considered the home of the god.
People brought offerings to the gods, and the priests strove to attend to the needs of the gods through ceremonies and festivals.
Each temple had an open temple courtyard and also an inner sanctuary, which only the priests were allowed to enter.
Sometimes special pyramid-shaped towers, called ziggurats, were built as part of the temples.
The top of the tower was a special sanctuary of the god.
In the warm climate of the Middle East, the house was not so important.
The greatest part of the life of a Hebrew family took place in the fresh air.
Women were cooking in the courtyard; shops were simply open tables facing the street. Stone was used to build houses.
In the land of Canaan there were no large forests, so wood was extremely expensive.
Greenland was sparsely populated. In the Norse sagas, it is said that Erik the Red was exiled from Iceland for murder, and on his way further west, he discovered Greenland and named it Greenland.
But regardless of his discovery, Inuit tribes already lived there at that time.
Although each country was 'Scandinavian', there were many differences between the peoples, kings, customs, and histories of Denmark, Sweden, Norway, and Iceland.
If you've seen the movie National Treasure, you might think a treasure map was drawn on the back of the Declaration of Independence.
However, that is not true. Although there is writing on the back of the document, it is not a treasure map.
On the back of the Declaration of Independence were the words: "Original Declaration of Independence dated July 4th, 1776".
Although no one knows for certain who wrote it, it is known that in the early days of its existence the large parchment document (its dimensions are 29¾ inches by 24½ inches) was rolled up for carrying.
Probably the note was added simply as a label.
The landings of D-Day and the following battles liberated the north of France, but the south remained unfree.
It was ruled by the French of "Vichy." These were French people who made peace with the Germans in 1940 and worked with the invaders instead of fighting against them.
On August 15, 1940, the Allies invaded Southern France, the invasion was named "Operation Dragoon".
After only two weeks, the Americans and the Free French forces liberated Southern France and turned against Germany.
Civilization is a distinct culture shared by a significantly large group of people who live and work together, a society.
The word civilization comes from the Latin *civilis*, which means civil, related to the Latin *civis*, citizen, and *civitas*, which means city or city-state, and also that in a way defines the dimension of society.
City-states are precursors to nations. A civilized culture implies the transmission of knowledge through several generations, a lasting cultural impact, and sufficient dissemination.
Smaller cultures often disappear without leaving a noteworthy historical record and fail to be recognized as proper civilizations.
During the Revolutionary War, the thirteen states initially formed a weak central government—with a congress as its only component—under the Articles of Confederation.
The Congress lacked any power to collect taxes and, as there was no national executive or judiciary, it relied on the instances of the states to implement its decisions, which were often uncooperative.
It was also not allowed to supersede tax laws and customs duties between states.
The Articles required unanimous consent from all states before any change, and states related to the central government so casually that their representatives often were absent.
The national football team of Italy, and also the national football team of Germany, is the second most successful team in the world and was champion of the FIFA World Cup in 2006.
Among popular sports are football (soccer), basketball, volleyball, water polo, fencing, rugby, cycling, ice hockey, roller hockey, and Formula 1 motor racing.
Winter sports are most popular in northern regions, so Italians compete in international games and Olympic events.
Japan has approximately 7000 islands (the largest of which is Honshu), which makes Japan the 7th largest island country in the world!
Because of the collection/group of islands that Japan possesses, Japan is often called, in a geographical sense, "an archipelago."
The beginning of Taiwan dates back a long time to the 15th century, when European sailors passing by recorded the island's name as Ilha Formosa, or beautiful island.
In 1624, the Dutch East India Company founded a base in southwestern Taiwan, transforming the indigenous methods of grain production and employing Chinese laborers to work in its rice and sugar plantations.
In 1683, troops of the Qing dynasty (1644-1912) occupied western and northern coastal areas of Taiwan and proclaimed Taiwan a province of the Qing Empire in 1885.
In 1895, following the defeat in the First Sino-Japanese War (1894-1895), the Qing government signed the Treaty of Shimonoseki, whereby it ceded sovereignty over Taiwan to Japan, which ruled the island until 1945.
Machu Picchu consists of three main structures, namely Intihuatana, the Temple of the Sun, and the Chamber of Three Windows.
Most of the buildings on the sides of the complex have been reconstructed to give tourists a better idea of what they originally looked like.
By 1976, 30 percent of Machu Picchu had been restored, and the restoration continues to this day.
For example, the most common format in the world for photographing still images is 35mm, which was the dominant film dimension at the end of the analog film era.
It is still being produced today, but, more importantly, its proportion was inherited from the sensor formats of digital cameras.
The 35mm format is, somewhat confusingly, 36mm wide and 24mm high.
The ratio of this format (divided by twelve to obtain the simplest integer ratio) is therefore called 3:2.
Several popular formats (APS format, for example) are equal to or very close to this ratio.
The much-insulted and often-misunderstood rule of thirds is simply a guideline creating dynamism, maintaining a measure of order in an image.
It states that the most effective location of the main subject is at the intersection of lines that divide the image into thirds vertically and horizontally (see example).
During that period in European history, the Catholic Church, having become rich and powerful, became the object of critical scrutiny.
Over the course of more than a thousand years, the Christian religion interconnected European states despite linguistic and cultural differences.
Its pervasive power touched everyone from king to citizen.
One of the main Christian dogmas is that wealth should be used to lessen suffering and poverty, and that church funds exist specifically for that purpose.
For over a thousand years the central authority of the church has been in Rome, and this concentration of power and money has led many to doubt whether that dogma is obeyed.
Soon after the outbreak of fighting, Britain initiated a naval blockade of Germany.
The strategy proved its effectiveness, cutting off significant military and civilian supplies, although this blockade violated generally accepted international law codified by several international agreements of the past two centuries.
Britain mined international waters to prevent the entry of any ships into entire sections of the ocean, endangering even neutral ships.
Because such a tactic had limited success, Germany anticipated a similar reaction to its unlimited military use of submarines.
During the 1910s, the dominant attitude of most citizens and nations was pacifism and isolationism.
After witnessing the horrors and brutalities of war during World War I, nations desired to avoid a return to such a situation in the future.
In 1884, Tesla moved to the United States to accept a job at the Edison Company in New York.
He arrived in the United States with 4 cents, a book of poetry, and a letter of recommendation from Charles Batchelor (his supervisor at his previous job) to Thomas Edison.
Ancient China had its own way of showing different time periods; each epoch in China or each family that ruled was a separate dynasty.
Even among all the dynasties there was an unstable period of divided provinces. The most well-known of such periods was the Three Kingdoms period, which lasted for 60 years between the Han and Jin dynasties.
In those periods, furious fighting occurred between many nobles vying for the throne.
The Three Kingdoms period was one of the bloodiest eras in the history of Ancient China, with thousands of people dying fighting to sit on the highest seat in the grand palace in Xi’an.
There are many social and political effects, such as the use of the metric system, the transition from absolutism to republicanism, nationalism, and the belief that the country belongs to the people and not to a single ruler.
Furthermore, after the Revolution, positions were open to all male candidates, which allowed the success of the most ambitious and successful.
The same is true of the soldiers, because instead of military ranks previously based on class, they were now based on personality.
The French Revolution also inspired many other oppressed people of the working class in other countries to launch their own revolutions.
Muhammad was deeply interested in matters beyond this everyday life. He frequented a cave, which became known as “Hira’” on Mount “Noor” (light) for contemplation.
The cave itself, which has been preserved through time, gives a clear image of the spiritual inclinations of Muhammad.
Located at the peak of one of the mountains north of Mecca, the cave is completely isolated from the rest of the world.
In fact, it's not easily found, even if one knows it exists. When one is in the cave, it is total isolation.
Nothing else is visible except the cloudless, beautiful sky above and the many mountains around. Very little of this world can be seen or heard from inside the cave.
The Great Pyramid of Giza is one of the seven wonders that still stands today.
Built by the Egyptians in the third century BCE, the Great Pyramid is one of the largest pyramidal structures built to honor a deceased pharaoh.
The Giza plateau, or "Giza Necropolis" in the Egyptian Valley of the Dead, contains several pyramids (among which the Great Pyramid is the largest), several small tombs, several temples, and the Great Sphinx.
The Great Pyramid was built to honor the pharaoh Khufu, and among the smaller pyramids, tombs, and temples, many were built to honor the wives and family members of Khufu.
The "arch upwards" mark looks like a V and the "arch downwards mark" like a parenthesis or a square without a bottom side.
Up means that you must start at the tip and push the bow, and down means that you must start at the heel (that’s where your hand holds the bow) and pull the bow.
An upward bow typically produces a more delicate sound, while a downward bow is stronger and firmer.
Don't hesitate to add your own markings with a pencil, but remember that the printed bowings are there for a musical reason, so they should usually be observed.
The frightened King Louis XVI, Queen Marie Antoinette, their two young children (11-year-old Marie Therese and four-year-old Louis-Charles), and the king’s sister were returned to Paris from Versailles by a crowd of market women on October 6, 1789.
They traveled to Paris by carriage, surrounded by a crowd roaring and shouting threats against the king and queen.
The crowd caused the king and queen to widely open the windows of the carriage.
At one moment, a lover swung the head of a royal guard killed in Versailles before the frightened queen.
The Filipino people themselves paid for the military expenditures of US imperialism in the conquest of the Philippines.
They had to pay taxes to the American colonial regime to reimburse a large part of the expenses and the percentage of bonds circulating in the name of the Philippine government through the banks of Wall Street.
Understandably, the super-profits extracted from the extensive exploitation of the Filipino people constituted the basic income of American imperialism.
To understand the temples, it is necessary to understand the context that helped in the founding of the order.
The era in which these events took place is commonly called the High Middle Ages, the period of European history in the 11th, 12th and 13th centuries (1000–1300 AD).
Before the High Middle Ages was the Early Middle Ages, and following it was the Late Middle Ages, which according to agreement ends around 1500.
Technological determinism is a term that practically covers a wide range of ideas, from technological push or the technological imperative to the strict sense that human destiny is driven by an underlying logic linked to scientific laws and their manifestation in technology.
Most interpretations of technological determinism share two general ideas: that the evolution of technology itself follows a path largely independent of cultural or political influences, and that technology in turn has for societies “consequences” that are essentially inherent, and not socially conditioned.
One could, for example, say that the automobile necessarily leads to the development of roads.
However, a nationwide network of small roads is not economically feasible for only a handful of cars, so new production methods are being designed to reduce the costs of car ownership.
The widespread ownership of cars also leads to a higher incidence of accidents on the road, which leads to the invention of new body care techniques to repair damaged bodies.
Romanticism had a strong element of cultural determinism, taken from writers like Goethe, Fichte and Schlegel.
In the context of Romanticism, geography shaped individuals, and over time customs and culture related to that geography emerged, and those, being more harmonious with the location of the society, were better than arbitrarily imposed laws.
Just as Paris is known as the fashion capital of the modern world, so Constantinople was considered the fashion capital of feudal Europe.
Its reputation as a center of luxury began around 400 BC and lasted until around 1100 BC.
In the twelfth century its status declined chiefly because the crusaders returned bringing silks and spices considered more valuable than those offered in the Byzantine markets.
It was at that time that the title Fashion Capital transferred from Constantinople to Paris.
Gothic style had its peak in the period between the 10th–11th centuries and the 14th century.
In the beginning, clothing was greatly influenced by Byzantine culture in the East.
However, due to the slow communication methods, styles in the west could lag behind by 25 to 30 years.
At the end of the Middle Ages, Western Europe began to develop its own style. One of the important achievements of the period was that people began using buttons to fasten clothes as a result of the Crusades.
Subsistence agriculture is agriculture done to produce enough food for the needs of only the farmer and their family.
Year-round agriculture is a simple, often organic, system using saved seeds native to the ecoregion with crop rotation or other relatively simple techniques to increase yield.
Historically, most farmers have been engaged in subsistence agriculture, and that is still true in many developing countries.
Subcultures unite people with similar viewpoints who feel ignored by social norms, and allow them to grow a sense of identity.
Subcultures can be distinguished by the age, ethnicity, class, location and/or gender of their members.
The characteristics defining a subculture as distinct can be linguistic, aesthetic, religious, political, sexual, geographical, or a combination of factors.
Subcultural members often signal their membership through a recognizable and symbolic use of style, which includes fashion, mannerisms, and slang.
One of the most common methods used to illustrate the importance of socialization is to mention the few regrettable cases of children who, during their development, due to neglect, misfortune, or malicious abuse, were not socialized by adults.
Such children are called "feral" or wild. Some feral children have been confined by people (usually their own parents); in some cases such abandonment of a child was due to the parents' rejection of a serious intellectual or physical disability of the child.
Traumatized children may have survived severe abuse or trauma before being abandoned or fleeing.
Others were reportedly raised by animals; some were said to have lived in the wild independently.
Raised only by non-human animals, the feral child displays behaviors (within the limits of their physical capabilities) almost entirely similar to those of the specific nurturing animal, as well as its fear or indifference towards humans.
While project-based learning should make learning easier and more interesting, scaffolding takes it a step further.
Scaffolding is not a learning method, but a tool that provides support to individuals within a new learning experience, such as using a new computer program or starting a new project.
Scaffolding can be both virtual and real, in other words, both a teacher is a form of scaffolding and the small paperclip in Microsoft Office.
A virtual scaffold is built into the software and should ask about, suggest, and explain procedures that might be difficult for the learner if they were to act independently.
Children find themselves in the care of authorities for a wide variety of reasons, ranging from neglect to abuse and even blackmail.
No child should ever grow up in an environment that is not supportive, caring, and educational, but that is what happens nonetheless.
We view the foster care system as a safe haven for such children.
Our foster care system must provide safe homes, loving caregivers, stable education, and reliable healthcare.
The guardianship must provide everything necessary, which they lacked in the home from which they were previously taken.
The internet combines elements of both mass and interpersonal communication.
The unique features of the Internet add extra dimensions to the uses and gratifications theory.
For example, “learning” and “socialization” are suggested as important motives for using the Internet (James et al., 1995).
Eighmey and McCord (1998) also identified “personal involvement” and “lasting relationships” as new motivating aspects when they explored public reactions to websites.
The use of video recording has led to significant discoveries in the interpretation of microexpressions, facial movements that last for a few milliseconds.
Specifically, it is asserted that it is possible to detect whether a person is lying through accurate interpretation of microexpressions.
Oliver Sacks in his article "The President's Speech" indicated that people who cannot understand speech due to brain trauma can still accurately assess sincerity.
He even supposes that such abilities to interpret human behavior could be shared by animals such as domestic dogs.
Research in the twentieth century showed that there are two sets of genetic variation: hidden and expressed.
Mutation adds new genetic variation, and selection removes it from the pool of observable variation.
Separation and recombination remix the variation back and forth between the two groups in each generation.
In the savanna, it is difficult for a primate with a digestive system like that of humans to satisfy its amino acid needs from the available plants.
Additionally, failing to do so has serious consequences: decreased growth, malnutrition, and ultimately, death.
The most easily accessible resources from plants would be proteins obtainable from leaves and legumes, but these are difficult to digest for primates like us if they are not cooked.
Moreover, animal-derived foods (ants, termites, eggs) are not only easily digestible, but also provide high-quality proteins that contain essential amino acids.
Considering all circumstances, we shouldn't be surprised if our ancestors solved their "protein problem" in a way similar to how chimpanzees in the savanna do today.
Sleep interruption is the process of intentionally waking up during your usual sleep period and falling back asleep after a short time (10–60 minutes).
You can easily do that, using a relatively quiet alarm clock to become aware without fully waking up.
If you notice that you are rearranging the clock while you sleep, it can be left on the other side of the room, which will make you get up to turn it off.
Among other options based on biorhythms is drinking plenty of fluids (especially water or tea, a known diuretic) before sleep, which will make you get up to urinate.
The extent of inner peace a person has is negatively correlated with the extent of tension in the body and spirit.
The lower the tension, the more positive force there is in life. Every person has the power to find absolute peace and contentment.
Everyone can achieve enlightenment. The only obstacle on the path to that goal is your own tension and negativity.
Tibetan Buddhism is based on the teachings of the Buddha, but has been expanded by the Mahayana path of love and by many techniques from Indian yoga.
In principle, Tibetan Buddhism is very simple. It consists of kundalini yoga, meditation, and the path of universal love.
In kundalini yoga, the kundalini energy (energy of enlightenment) is awakened through yoga postures, breathing exercises, mantras, and visualizations.
At the heart of Tibetan meditation is divine yoga. By visualizing various deities, one purifies the energy channels, activates the chakras, and creates enlightened consciousness.
Germany was a common enemy in World War II, which led to cooperation between the Soviet Union and the United States. After the war, a clash of systems, processes, and cultures caused a divergence of the countries.
Two years after the end of the war, the former allies were already enemies, and the Cold War began.
It was to last for the next 40 years and to have real battles, with proxy armies, on battlefields from Africa to Asia, in Afghanistan, Cuba and many other places.
On September 17, 1939, the Polish defense had already been broken, and the only hope remained to withdraw and reorganize along the Romanian bridgehead.
However, these plans became outdated almost overnight when more than 800,000 soldiers of the Soviet Red Army entered and formed the Belarusian and Ukrainian fronts after invading the eastern regions of Poland, breaking the Treaty of Riga, the Soviet-Polish Non-Aggression Pact, and other international treaties, both bilateral and multilateral.
Using ships for the transportation of goods is the most efficient way to move large quantities of people and goods across oceans.
The traditional role of a navy has been to ensure that your country retains the ability to move its people and goods, while simultaneously hindering the ability of your enemy to move theirs.
Most noteworthy among recent examples is the North Atlantic campaign of the Second World War. The Americans tried to move people and materials across the Atlantic Ocean to help Britain.
At the same time, the German navy, using primarily U-boats, tried to halt that traffic.
If the Allies had failed, Germany would likely have been able to conquer Britain as well as the rest of Europe.
Goats apparently were first domesticated approximately 10,000 years ago in the Zagros Mountains in Iran.
Ancient cultures and tribes bred them for easy access to milk, wool, meat, and furs.
Homestead goats were generally kept in herds wandering on hills and other pastures, often cared for by goatherds, who were often children or adolescents, similar to the more widely known shepherd. These breeding methods are still used today.
Railways were being built in England from no later than the 16th century.
Although wagon roads simply consisted of parallel wooden planks, they allowed the horses pulling them to reach higher speeds and pull heavier loads than on the somewhat rougher roads of that time.
Sleepers appeared early enough to keep the tracks in place. However, it soon became clear that tracks would be more effective if they had an iron strip on top.
That became a common practice, but iron caused a faster wear and tear of the wooden wheels of the wagons.
It is good that wooden wheels have been replaced with iron ones. In 1767 the first completely iron rails were presented.
The earliest known form of transportation was walking, with people beginning to stand upright two million years ago with the emergence of Homo Erectus (meaning upright man).
Their ancestors, australopithecines, did not walk upright as often.
Evidence of bipedalism is found in fossils of australopithecines dating from 4.2 to 3.9 million years ago, although sahelanthropus likely walked on two legs as early as seven million years ago.
We can start relating more kindly to the environment, we can join the environmental protection movement, and we can even be activists to somewhat lessen future suffering.
This is like symptomatic treatment in many cases. However, if we want not just a temporary solution, then we must find the causes of the problems and we must deactivate them.
Understandably, the world has changed greatly due to the scientific and technological achievements of humanity, and problems have become larger due to overpopulation and the wasteful lifestyle of humanity.
After the Congress adopted it on July 4th, a handwritten rough draft signed by congressional president John Hancock and secretary Charles Thomson was sent to the printing shop of John Dunlap, a few blocks away.
During the night, between 150 and 200 copies were made, now known as the "Dunlap Posters."
John Nixon performed the first public reading of the document in the courtyard of Independence Hall on July 8th.
One was sent on July 6th to George Washington, who had it read to his troops in New York on July 9th. A copy arrived in London on August 10th.
The 25 posters of Dunlap, about which it is known they exist, are the oldest remaining copies of the document. The original handwritten copy has not been preserved.
Today, many paleontologists believe that one group of dinosaurs survived and now live on. We call them birds.
Many people don't think of them as dinosaurs, because they have feathers and can fly.
But there are many things about birds that still resemble dinosaurs.
They have legs with scales and claws, they lay eggs, and they walk on their two hind legs, like a Tyrannosaurus Rex.
Almost all computers currently in use are based on processing information that is encoded in the form of binary numbers.
A binary number can have only one of two values, namely 0 or 1, and these numbers are called binary digits – or bits, using computer slang.
Internal poisoning may not be immediately obvious. Symptoms such as vomiting are quite general to prevent an immediate diagnosis.
The best indication of internal poisoning can be the presence of an open container of medication or toxic household chemical.
Check the label for specific first aid instructions for that particular poison.
The term "cimo" is formally used by entomologists for this group of insects.
The term originates from long-standing familiarity with lice, which are insects highly adapted to parasitizing humans.
Fleas and lice are both nidicolous, adapted to living in the nest or dwelling of their host.
Through the United States, there are approximately 400,000 known cases of multiple sclerosis (MS), making it the leading neurological disease among young and middle-aged adults.
MS is a disease that affects the central nervous system, which consists of the brain, spinal cord, and optic nerve.
Research has found that women are twice as likely to develop MS as men.
A couple may decide that raising a child does not best serve their interests, or the interests of their child.
Such couples can choose to plan an adoption for their baby.
During an adoption procedure, the biological parents relinquish their parental rights, so that another couple can become the child's parents.
The main goal of science is to understand, using the scientific method, how the world works. That method actually guides most scientific research.
It is not alone, however; experimentation, and experimentation is a test used to eliminate one or more possible hypotheses, questioning and observation guide scientific research.
Naturalists and philosophers focused their attention on texts and especially on the Bible in Latin.
Aristotle's viewpoints on all topics of science, including psychology, were accepted.
As the influence of Greek learning declined, the West became apparent as separated from its Greek philosophical and scientific roots.
Many observed rhythms in physiology and behavior often critically depend on the presence of endogenous cycles and how the biological clock produces them.
Periodic rhythms, which do not simply respond to external periodic stimuli, have been documented for most living beings, including bacteria, fungi, plants, and animals.
Biological clocks are self-sufficient oscillators, which maintain a period of repeating autonomous functioning even without external stimuli.
The Hershey-Chase experiment was one of the leading pieces of evidence supporting the idea that DNA is the genetic material.
Hershey and Chase used bacteriophages, or viruses, to insert their DNA into a bacterium.
They performed two experiments, labeling either the DNA in the bacteriophage with radioactive phosphorus or the protein of the bacteriophage with radioactive sulfur.
Mutations can have a spectrum of diverse effects depending on the type of mutation, the importance of the involved piece of genetic material, and whether the involved cells are germline cells.
Only mutations in the germline cells can be passed on to children, while mutations in other locations can cause cell death or cancer.
Nature-based tourism attracts people interested in visiting natural areas to enjoy the scenery, including living flora and fauna.
Among examples of on-site activities are hunting, fishing, photography, birdwatching, and visiting parks and studying information about the ecosystem.
An example is to visit Borneo and there to photograph and learn about orangutans.
Every morning people leave small towns by car to go to their workplace, and are passed by others whose destination is the place they just left.
In this dynamic commuting situation, everyone is in some way involved and contributing to a transportation system based on the use of private cars.
Science now indicates that this massive carbon economy has shifted the biosphere out of one of its stable states, which was supporting human evolution for the last two million years.
Every person participates in society and uses transportation systems. Almost everyone complains about transportation systems.
In developed countries, one rarely hears such a level of complaints about water quality or about bridge collapses.
Why do transport systems generate such complaints, why do they fail every day? Are transport engineers simply incompetent?
Traffic flow is the study of the movement of individual drivers and vehicles between two points and the interactions that occur between them.
Unfortunately, studying traffic flow is difficult, because one cannot predict driver behavior with one hundred percent certainty.
Good luck, drivers tend to behave within a fairly uniform arrangement; thus, traffic flows strive to have some moderate uniformity and can be approximately represented mathematically.
To better present traffic flow, relationships have been established between the three main characteristics: (1) flow, (2) density, and (3) speed.
Those relationships help to plan, develop, and operate road infrastructure.
Insects were the first animals to take flight. Their ability to fly helped them avoid enemies more easily and find food and mates more effectively.
Most insects have the advantage of being able to fold their wings along their bodies.
That gives them a wider selection of small safes against burglars.
Today, the only insects that cannot fold their wings backwards are dragonflies and mayflies.
Thousands of years ago, a man named Aristarchus said that the Solar System revolves around the Sun.
Some people thought he was right, but many believed the opposite: that the Solar System revolves around the Earth, including the Sun (and even the other stars).
That seemed prudent, since the Earth doesn't feel like it's moving, right?
The Amazon is the second longest and the largest river on Earth. It carries more than 8 times as much water as the second largest river.
The Amazon is also the widest river on Earth, sometimes six miles wide.
Full 20 percent of the water that flows into the oceans from the rivers of the planet comes from the Amazon.
The main river Amazon is 6387 km (3980 miles) long. It collects water from several thousand smaller rivers.
Although the construction of pyramids from stone continued until the end of the Old Kingdom, no one has ever succeeded in surpassing the pyramids of Giza in terms of size and the technical skill of their construction.
The Egyptians of the New Kingdom marveled at the monuments of their predecessors, who lived over a thousand years before them.
The population of Vatican City is around 800 people. It is the smallest independent state in the world and the state with the smallest population.
Vatican City uses the Italian language in its laws and official relations.
Italian is also the everyday language used by most of those who work in the state, while Latin is often used in religious ceremonies.
All citizens of Vatican City are Roman Catholics.
People have known about the basic chemical elements – such as gold, silver, and copper – since antiquity, because these are found in nature in elemental form and are relatively easy to mine with primitive tools.
The philosopher Aristotle theorized that everything consists of a mixture of one or more of four elements. These were earth, water, air, and fire.
That was more like the four states of matter (in the same order): solid, liquid, gas, and plasma, although he continued to theorize that they become new substances to form what we see.
Alloy is essentially a mixture of two or more metals. Don't forget that there are many elements in the periodic table.
Elements such as calcium and potassium are considered metals. Certainly, there are also metals like silver and gold.
One can also have alloys, in whose composition there are small amounts of non-metallic elements such as carbon.
Everything in the Universe is made of matter. All matter consists of small particles called atoms.
Atoms are so incredibly small that trillions of them could fit into a point at the end of this sentence.
The pencil was a good help to many people when it appeared.
Unfortunately, due to the emergence of new ways of writing, the crayon has been relegated to a lower status and use.
People now write messages on computer screens, without ever needing to approach a pencil sharpener.
One can only wonder what will become of the keyboard when something newer arrives.
The fission bomb works according to the principle that energy is required to combine a nucleus with many protons and neutrons.
It's like pushing a heavy cart uphill. Splitting the nucleus therefore releases some of that energy again.
Some atoms have unstable nuclei, which means they tend to decay with little or no prompting.
The surface of the Moon consists of rocks and dust. The outer layer of the Moon is called the crust.
The crust is about 70 km thick on the near side and 100 km thick on the far side.
It is thinner under the seas and thicker under the mountains.
Perhaps there are more seas on the near side, because the crust is thinner. It was easier for lava to erupt onto the surface.
Content theories focus on discovering what makes people act or motivates them.
These theories suggest that people have certain needs and/or desires that were internalized during maturation into adulthood.
These theories explore what it is about certain people, what makes them desire the things they do, and what things in their environment will make them do or not do certain things.
Two popular content theories are Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs and Herzberg's Two-Factor Theory.
Generally speaking, two approaches can emerge when managers begin to lead their former peers. One end of the spectrum is striving to remain "one of the guys" (or gals).
That type of manager finds it difficult to make unpopular decisions, carry out disciplinary actions, assess work performance, assign tasks, and demand accountability from people.
On the other side of the spectrum, one transforms into an unrecognizable individual who feels that they must change everything the team previously did, and take ownership of it.
Indeed, the leader is responsible for the success or failure of the team.
Often such behavior results in rifts between the leaders and the rest of the team.
Virtual teams follow the same standards of high quality as traditional teams, but there are fine differences.
Members of virtual teams often function as a point of contact for their immediate physical group.
They often have more autonomy than members of a traditional team, because their teams may meet across different time zones, which can be misunderstood by their local managers.
The presence of a true “invisible team” (Larson and LaFasto, 1989, p109) is also a unique component of a virtual team.
The “invisible team” is the administrative team to which each of the members reports. The invisible team sets standards for each member.
Why would an organization want to undergo the time-consuming process of establishing a learning organization? One goal for practically applying the concepts of organizational learning is innovation.
When all available resources are used effectively across the functioning departments of an organization, creativity and ingenuity can emerge.
As a result of the process, when an organization works together to overcome an obstacle, it can lead to a new innovative process to serve the needs of clients.
Before an organization can be innovative, leadership must create a culture of innovation as well as shared knowledge and organizational learning.
Angel (2006) explains the Continuous approach as a method used to help organizations achieve a higher level of efficiency.
Neurobiological data provides physical evidence for a theoretical approach to the study of cognition. It therefore narrows the scope of research and makes it more precise.
The correlation between brain pathology and behavior compels scientists to continue the research.
It is a long-known fact that various types of brain damage, traumas, lesions, and tumors influence behavior and change some mental functions.
The progress of new technologies allows us to see and explore brain structures and processes that were previously never seen.
That provides us with a lot of information and material to build simulation models, which help us understand processes in our minds.
Although AI has a strong nuance of science fiction, AI forms a very important branch of computer science, which deals with learning and intelligent adaptation in machines.
Research in AI involves creating machines to automate tasks that require intelligent behavior.
Among examples are control, planning and scheduling, the ability to respond to diagnoses and client questions, and also recognition of handwriting, voice and face.
Those things became separate disciplines, which focus on providing solutions for real-life problems.
AI systems are now often used in the fields of economics, medicine, engineering, and warfare, and it is also incorporated into some home computers and video game software applications.
Excursions are an important part of any education. Quite often a teacher would like to take their students to places inaccessible by bus.
Technology offers a solution in the form of virtual tours. Students can view museum artifacts, visit an aquarium, or admire beautiful art while sitting in their classroom.
Sharing a field trip virtually is another excellent way to think about a trip and to share experiences with future classes.
For example, every year students at Bennet School in North Carolina produce a webpage about their field trip to the state capital, and each year a new version of the webpage appears, but the old versions remain accessible to serve as an album.
Blogs can also help improve writing skills in students. While students often begin their blogging experience with flawed grammar and spelling, the presence of an audience generally changes that.
Because students are often the most critical audience, the blogger strives to improve their writing to avoid criticism.
Blogging also "makes students more understanding of the world around them." The need to nurture public interest inspires students to be wise and interesting (Toto, 2004).
Blogging is a tool that inspires collaboration and encourages students to expand learning beyond the traditional school day.
Appropriate use of blogs "can enable students to become more analytical and critical; by actively responding to online materials, students can define their positions in the context of others' writing and also sketch out their own viewpoint on certain issues (Oravec, 2002)."
Ottawa is a charming bilingual capital of Canada and it has a collection of art galleries and museums that showcase Canada's past and present.
Further south lies Niagara Falls, and the north is home to the untouched natural beauty of Muskoka and beyond.
These and further things highlight Ontario as what outsiders consider essentially Canadian.
Vast areas further north are quite sparsely populated, some are almost uninhabited wildernesses.
This comparison of populations surprises many: there are more African Americans in the United States than there are Canadian citizens in total.
The islands of East Africa are located on the Indian Ocean, off the eastern African coast.
Madagascar is incomparably the largest and, regarding its fauna, it is an independent continent.
The majority of the smaller islands are independent countries or linked to France, and are known as luxury beach resorts.
The Arabs also brought Islam to the region, and it deeply took root in Comoros and Mayotte.
The influence and colonialism of Europe began in the 15th century, when the explorer Vasco da Gama from Portugal initiated the Cape Route from Europe to India.
The region borders the Sahel to the north and the Atlantic to the south and west.
Women: It is recommended that all female travelers state that they are married, regardless of their actual marital status.
It is also useful to wear a ring (but not one that looks too expensive).
Women, be aware that cultural differences can result in what might be considered harassment, and it is not uncommon to be followed, held by the arm, etc.
Be firm when you disagree with proposals from men and do not be afraid to refuse (it doesn't matter if cultural or not, a difference is not necessarily to be tolerated!).
The modern city of Casablanca was founded by Berber fishermen in the 10th century BCE, and was used by Phoenicians, Romans and Banu Marinids as a strategic harbor with the name Anfa.
Destroyed by the Portuguese, it was rebuilt by them with the name Casa Branca, but they nevertheless left after an earthquake in 1755.
The city was rebuilt by the sultan of Morocco under the name Daru l-Badya, and the Spanish merchants who established businesses there called it Casablanca.
Regarding shopping, Casablanca is among the least interesting places in Morocco.
Around the old city center, it's easy to find shops selling traditional Moroccan goods, such as tagines, ceramics, leather goods, hookahs, and a whole range of trinkets, but everything is for tourists.
Goma is a tourist city in the Democratic Republic of the Congo in the far east, near Rwanda.
In 2002, the Nyiragongo volcano destroyed Goma, covering most of the city's streets with its magma, especially in the center of the city.
Rubber offers sufficient security, but one must inform oneself about each visit outside of it to know the state of the battles still occurring in the North Kivu province.
The city is also the base for climbing the Nyiragongo volcano, in addition to being the most affordable place for gorilla trekking in Africa.
You can use a boda-boda (motorcycle taxi) to get around Goma. The normal (local) price is approximately 500 Congolese francs for a short trip.
In addition to its relative inaccessibility, "Timbuktu" has become a metaphor for exotic and faraway lands.
Today, Timbuktu is a declining city, but it is a tourist attraction due to its reputation, and it has an airport.
In 1990 it was inscribed on the list of World Heritage Sites due to the threatening sands from the desert.
It was one of the most important stops during the PBS special program Wonders of the African World, made by Henry Louis Gates.
The city strongly contrasts with the other cities of the country, as it has a style more Arabian than African.
The Kruger National Park (KNP) is in northeastern South Africa and runs eastward along the border with Mozambique, north to Zimbabwe, and south to the Crocodile River.
The park covers 19,500 km² and is divided into 14 distinct ecozones, each of which supports a different fauna.
It presents one of the main attractions in South Africa and is considered the most symbolic among the South African National Parks (SANParks).
As with all South African National Parks, there are daily conservation entry fees for the park.
It is also useful to buy a Wild Card, which provides access, either to selected parks in South Africa, or to all South African National Parks.
Hong Kong Island gives the territory of Hong Kong its name, and it is the place many tourists consider the most interesting.
The line of buildings that creates the Hong Kong skyline has been compared to a shining histogram, which becomes apparent due to the presence of the waters of Victoria Harbour.
To get the best views of Hong Kong, leave the island and head to the waterfront in Kowloon.
The vast majority of Hong Kong Island’s urban growth is densely concentrated on land reclaimed from the sea along the northern shore.
This is the place that the British colonists appropriated for themselves, and therefore, if one seeks proof of the colonial past of the territory, here is a suitable place to begin searching.
Sundarbans is the world's largest coastal mangrove forest, extending 80 km (50 miles) across the coastline further into Bangladesh and India.
Sundarbans was declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO. The part of the forest within Indian territory is called Sundarbans National Park.
The forest, however, is not only a mangrove swamp. Within it are some of the last refuges of the impressive jungles that once covered the Ganges plain.
The Sundarbans covers an area of 3850 km², of which approximately one third is covered by water or marshes.
In 1966, Sundarbans became a reserve, and it is estimated that there are currently 400 Bengal tigers and around 30,000 spotted deer within its territory.
Buses depart from the inter-district bus station (across the river) all day, but the majority leave between 6:30 and 7:30, especially those traveling west and to Jakar or Bumthang.
Because intercity buses are often crowded, it is advisable to buy a ticket a few days in advance.
The majority of the districts are served by small Japanese Coaster buses, which are comfortable and robust.
Common taxis are fast and comfortable vehicles for traveling to nearby locations, such as Paro (150 Nu) and Punakha (200 Nu).
The Oyapock River Bridge is a beam bridge. It spans the Oyapock River, connecting the cities of Oiapoque in Brazil and Saint-Georges-de-l’Oyapock in French Guiana.
The two towers are 83 meters high, it is 378 meters wide, and it has two corridors 3.50 m wide.
The vertical clearance under the bridge is 15 meters. Construction finished in August 2011, but it did not open to traffic until March 2017.
It is planned that the bridge will fully function again in September 2017, when the Brazilian customs crossings are expected to be completed.
The Guarani were the most notable indigenous group inhabiting that location, now eastern Paraguay, living as quasi-nomadic hunters who also practiced subsistence agriculture.
The Chaco region was inhabited by other groups of indigenous tribes, such as the Guaycurú and Payaguá, who lived from hunting, gathering, and fishing.
In the 16th century, Paraguay, previously known as “The Great Province of the Indians,” emerged as a result of the encounter between Spanish conquerors and the indigenous groups.
The Spanish began an era of colonization that lasted for three centuries.
Since its founding in 1537, Asunción, Paraguay has succeeded in retaining much of its indigenous character and identity.
Argentina is very well-known for the fact that its polo teams and players are among the best in the world.
The most important tournament of the year takes place in December in the Polish fields at Las Cañitas.
Here one can also watch smaller tournaments and matches at other times of the year.
Get information from the Argentine Polo Association about tournament news and where to buy tickets for polo matches.
The official currency of the Falkland Islands is the Falkland Islands pound (FKP), whose value is pegged to that of the British pound (GBP).
Money can be exchanged at the only bank on the islands, which is located in front of the FIC West store in Stanley.
Everywhere on the islands, British pounds are generally accepted, and in Stanley, credit cards and US dollars are often accepted as well.
On the outer islands, credit cards are unlikely to be accepted, but British and American currency are often taken; ask beforehand to find out which method of payment is accepted.
Since it is almost impossible to exchange Falkland Islands currency outside the islands, exchange your money before leaving.
Because Montevideo is located south of the equator, it is summer there when it is winter in the northern hemisphere, and vice versa.
Montevideo is in the subtropics; in the summer months, the temperature usually exceeds 30 °C.
Winter can be deceptively cold: the temperature rarely becomes freezing, but wind and humidity combine and therefore one feels colder than what the thermometer indicates.
There aren't distinct "rainy" and "dry" seasons: the amount of rainfall is almost the same throughout the year.
Although many of the park's animals have become accustomed to the presence of people, the animals are still wild and one must not feed or disturb them.
The park authorities request that you stay at least 100 yards/meters away from bears and wolves and 25 yards/meters away from all other wild animals!
No matter how peaceful they may seem, bison, elk, deer, bears and almost all large animals are capable of attacking.
Every year, dozens of visitors are injured because they do not keep a proper distance. Because these animals are large, wild, and potentially dangerous, respect their space.
Furthermore, be aware that smells attract bears and other wildlife, and therefore avoid bringing or cooking smelly foods and keep the campsite clean.
The city of Apia, the capital of Samoa, is located on the island of Upolu and has a population of just under 40,000 people.
Apia was founded in the 1850s and became the capital of Samoa in 1959.
The harbor was the site of the infamous naval standoff in 1889, when seven ships from Germany, the United States, and Britain refused to leave the harbor.
All ships were sunk, except for one British cruise ship. Approximately 200 Americans and Germans lost their lives.
In the struggle for independence organized by the Mau movement, a peaceful gathering in the town resulted in the killing of supreme chief Tupua Tamasese Lealofi III.
Auckland has many beaches thanks to its location between two harbors. The most popular ones are in three regions.
The beaches of North Shore (in the North Harbour district) are on the Pacific Ocean and stretch from Long Bay in the north to Devonport in the south.
Almost all are sandy beaches where one can safely swim, and most have shade from pohutukawa trees.
The beaches of Tamaki Drive are located on the Waitemata Harbour in the upscale suburbs of Mission Bay and Saint Heliers in Central Auckland.
They are sometimes crowded family beaches where shops line the shore abundantly. Swimming is safe.
The main local beer is Number One. It isn't a complex beer, but it is pleasant and refreshing. The other local beer is called Manta.
There are many drinkable wines from France, but wines from New Zealand and Australia might travel better.
It is perfectly safe to drink the local tap water, but bottled water is readily available if you have concerns.
To Australians, the idea of a “flat white” coffee is foreign. Espresso is a “short black”, cappuccino is served with plenty of cream (not foam), and tea is drunk without milk.
The hot chocolate conforms to Belgian standards. Juices are expensive but excellent.
Throughout the year, many excursions to the reef take place, and injuries due to any of these causes are rare.
However, follow the advice of the authorities, obey all signals, and carefully heed safety warnings.
Cube jellyfish appear near beaches and estuaries, from October to April, north of 1770. They can sometimes appear outside of that time.
Sharks certainly exist, but they rarely attack humans. The majority of sharks fear humans and they would swim away from them.
Marine crocodiles do not actively live in the sea. Their main habitat is estuaries north of Rockhampton.
Early booking gives travelers peace of mind that they will have accommodation upon arriving at their destination.
Travel agents often have agreements with specific hotels, but you might be able to book different types of accommodations through such agents, like campsites.
Travel agents generally arrange plans that include breakfast, transportation arrangements to and from the airport, or even combined packages with flights and hotels.
They can also hold your reservation if you need time to consider the offer or provide you with other documents for the desired location (for example, a visa).
All changes or requests should nevertheless be directed first to the travel agent and not directly to the hotel.
At some festivals, the majority of attendees decide to camp on site and most consider it an essential part of the experience.
If you want to be close to the action, you'll have to enter early to get a good spot near the music.
Remember that the music on the main stages may have stopped, but there might be parts of the festival where it will still be playing until late at night.
Some festivals provide special camping areas for families with young children.
If you sail the northern Baltic Sea in winter, pay attention to the location of the cabin, as travel through ice causes a rather terrifying noise in those most affected areas.
Pleasure cruises to Saint Petersburg include time in the city. Passengers from pleasure cruises are visa-free (check the conditions).
Casinos normally strive to ensure that guests spend the maximum of their time and money. Windows and clocks are usually absent, and exits can be difficult to find.
They usually offer special foods, drinks, and entertainment to keep guests in good spirits and to keep them inside.
Some places offer alcohol for free, but intoxication damages mental ability and every good gambler knows how important it is to be sober.
Everyone who drives a vehicle to high latitudes or across mountain passes should be aware that there may be snow, ice, or frost.
On icy or snowy roads, friction is reduced and therefore one cannot drive as if on bare asphalt.
During blizzards, the amount of snow capable of blocking you can fall very quickly.
Visibility can also be limited by either falling snow or wind, or by condensation, or by ice on the vehicle's windows.
On the other hand, icy and snowy weather is normal in many countries, but traffic flows mostly uninterruptedly throughout the year.
Safari is perhaps the most attractive thing for tourists in Africa and that is most outstanding for many visitors.
The word "safari" is popularly used to mean overland travel to observe the magnificent African fauna, especially in the savanna.
Some animals, such as elephants and giraffes, tend to approach cars, and ordinary tools provide a good view.
Lions, cheetahs, and leopards sometimes appear shy, so binoculars will help you see them better.
A walking safari (also called a field walk, a marching safari, or hiking) consists of walking, either for a few hours or for several days.
The Paralympics will be between August 24th and September 5th, 2021. Some events will be in other locations throughout Japan.
Having hosted the Games in 1964, Tokyo will become the only Asian city to have hosted two Summer Olympics.
If you booked the flights and accommodations for 2020 before the postponement was announced, you are likely in a complicated situation.
Cancellation policies are varied, but, regarding late March, the majority of cancellation policies based on coronavirus do not extend until July 2020, by which time the Olympics were planned.
It is expected that tickets for most events will cost between 2,500 and 130,000 enos, and that typical tickets will cost around 7,000 enos.
Ironing damp clothes can help them dry. Many hotels have loaner irons and ironing boards, even if they are not in the room.
If an iron is not available or if one does not want to wear ironed socks, one might try using a dryer, if one is available.
Be careful not to overheat the fabric (which could shrink it or, in extreme cases, cause it to burst into flames).
There are different ways to purify water, but some are more effective against specific threats.
In some places, boiling water is sufficient for one minute, in others several minutes are necessary.
Filters have different efficiencies and, if you care about that, consider buying bottled water in a sealed bottle from a company with a good reputation.
Travelers may encounter exotic diseases that are unknown in their home regions.
Pests can damage food, cause irritation or, at worst, cause allergic reactions, spread poisons or carry infections.
Infectious diseases themselves or dangerous animals capable of wounding or killing a person by force are generally not counted as plagues.
Duty-free shopping is the ability to purchase goods without paying taxes and excise duties in certain locations.
Travelers to countries with heavy taxation can sometimes save a considerable amount of money, especially on products like alcoholic beverages and tobacco.
The section between Point Marion and Fairmont presents the most challenging driving conditions on the Buffalo-Pittsburgh highway, sometimes passing through isolated wooded areas.
If you are not used to travelling on country roads, be extremely careful: steep slopes, narrow passages, and sharply winding bends are most common.
Posted speed limits are noticeably lower than those of preceding and following sections – often 35-40 mph (56-64 km/h) – and they must be strictly obeyed, even more so than usual.
It is noteworthy that cell phone service is still much stronger here than in many other sections of the route, for example, Pennsylvania Wilds.
German pastries are very tasty and in Bavaria they are very rich and diverse, similar to those of the neighbor to the south, Austria.
There are many fruity baked goods, which contain either apples all year round, or cherries and plums during the summer.
Many German baked goods also contain almonds, hazelnuts, and other tree nuts. Popular pastries usually pair especially well with a cup of strong coffee.
If you want some small but rich pastries, try those called Berliner, Pfannkuchen, or Krapfen depending on the region.
A curry is a dish consisting of herbs and spices with meat or vegetables.
A pulp can be either "dry" or "moist" depending on the amount of liquid.
In the inland regions of northern India and Pakistan, yogurt is commonly added to curries; in southern India and some other coastal regions of the subcontinent, coconut milk is commonly used.
With 17,000 electable islands, Indonesian cuisine is a term covering a wide range of regional cuisines throughout the country.
Used without further qualifying words, the term generally refers to cooking originating from the central and eastern parts of the main island of Java.
Now easily available throughout the archipelago, Javanese cuisine offers a variety of spiced dishes, with flavors preferred by Javanese people—that is, peanuts, chilies, sugar (especially Javanese coconut sugar), and various aromatic spices.
Hanging from both sides of the saddle, stirrups function as supports for the rider's feet.
They provide the rider with greater stability, but they can present safety problems, as the rider's feet could potentially get caught in them.
If, while riding, one falls from a horse with a foot caught in the stirrup, one could be dragged by a potentially bolting horse. To minimize this risk as much as possible, various safety adjustments can be made.
First, the majority of riders wear riding boots with a heel and a smooth, sufficiently narrow sole.
Furthermore, some saddles, especially English saddles, have safety stirrups that a falling rider can pull back on to detach the stirrup irons from the saddle.
Cochamó Valley: the most important place for climbing in Chile, known as the Yosemite of South America, with diverse granite cliffs and rocks.
The mountain peaks offer breathtaking panoramas. Climbers from all over the world continually create new routes from the endless possibilities of the walls.
Downhill winter sports, which include skiing and snowboarding, are popular sports in which one glides down snow-covered terrain having skis or a snowboard fixed to the feet.
Skiing is a serious travel activity with many enthusiasts, who are known as “ski bums” and who plan entire vacations based on skiing at a specific location.
The idea of skiing is very old: cave paintings depicting skiers date back to 5000 BC!
Downhill skiing is considered a sport from at least the 17th century, and in 1861 Norwegians founded the first recreational ski club in Australia.
Backcountry skiing: This activity is also called ski touring, ski mountaineering, or ski hiking.
It relates to alpine-style ski touring or mountaineering, but it doesn’t usually involve them, as those typically happen on steep terrain and require much more rigid skis and boots.
Think about the skiing route as if it were a migratory route.
In good conditions, you will be able to cover distances somewhat greater than when walking, but only very rarely will you reach the speeds of cross-country skiing without a heavy backpack on groomed trails.
Europe is a relatively small continent, but it has many independent countries. Under normal circumstances, to travel through several countries one needs repeatedly to fulfill visa requirements and passport controls.
The Schengen area nevertheless functions in this regard as if it were a single country.
Provided one remains within this area, one can generally cross borders without needing to go through passport controls.
Similarly, if you have a Schengen visa, you don't need to apply for a visa separately to each Schengen country, which saves you time, money, and paperwork.
There is no universal definition of what constitutes antiques. Some tax agencies consider goods that are over 100 years old to be antiques.
Because the definition changes locally, in places like North America the age limit may be lower than in Europe.
One could consider crafts as antiques, even though they are newer than similar mass-produced goods.
Breeding of reindeer is an important livelihood among the Sami people, and the culture surrounding its trade is also important for many other artisans.
Even within the Sámi tradition, not all Sámi people were engaged in large-scale reindeer herding, but they lived from fishing, hunting or something similar, using reindeer primarily as draft animals.
Currently, many Sami people work in modern jobs. Tourism offers significant income to Sápmi, the Sami region.
Although the word “cigano” is widely used, especially by non-Roma people, it is considered offensive due to its association with negative stereotypes and inaccurate ideas about Roma people.
If one declares a travel warning against the country to be visited, this may affect your travel health insurance or your trip cancellation insurance.
It is also a good idea to consult the advice of foreign governments, even though it is directed towards their own citizens.
For example, American citizens in the Middle East might encounter situations different from those faced by Europeans or Arabs.
A report is just a brief summary of the political situation of a country.
The presented viewpoints are often superficial, general, and overly simplistic compared to the more detailed information that one can find elsewhere.
Severe weather is the general term for any dangerous weather phenomenon capable of causing damage, significant social disruption, or loss of human life.
Severe weather can occur anywhere in the world and it consists of various types, which depend on the location, the terrain, and the atmospheric conditions.
Gales, hail, excessive precipitation, and forest fires are manifestations and effects of severe weather, in addition to thunderstorms, tornadoes, blizzards, and cyclones.
Among the regional and seasonal phenomena of severe weather are blizzards, snowstorms, winter storms, and sandstorms.
It is highly advisable that travelers pay attention to all kinds of risk from severe weather that affects their area, as this can affect any travel plans.
Every visitor to a country that could be considered a war zone should receive professional training.
An internet search for a course for hostile environments will most likely show the address of a local company.
The course will generally cover all the matters presented here in much more detail, normally with practical experience.
A course will normally last 2 to 5 days and will include role-playing, plenty of excitement, and sometimes weapons training.
There are many books and magazines about survival in the wilderness, but there are few such works about war zones.
Travelers who are planning gender reassignment surgery abroad must ensure they carry valid documents for their return.
The willingness to issue passports without an indicated gender (X) or updated documents conforming to a desired name varies from government to government.
Whether foreign governments tend to accept such documents varies greatly.
Searches in security checkpoints also became much more difficult in the period following September 11, 2001.
Untreated trans people should not expect to pass through scanners without their privacy and dignity remaining untouched.
Rip current is a backward flow of waves broken at a beach, often at a reef or similar location.
Due to the diverse underwater formations, the backflow concentrates in a few deeper sections, where a rapid flow to depth can develop.
The majority of deaths occur as a result of trying to swim against the current, which may be impossible.
As soon as one swims out of the current, swimming back is no more difficult than usual.
Try to reach a location where you won't be captured again, or, depending on your abilities or whether you've been noticed, you might prefer to wait until you are rescued.
Reverse culture shock happens sooner than culture shock (the honeymoon phase is shorter), lasts longer, and can be more severe.
Travelers who easily adapt to a new culture sometimes have a particular difficulty readjusting to their native culture.
Returning home after living abroad, you have already adapted to the new culture and lost some customs from your native culture.
When people first travelled abroad, they likely had patience and understanding, as they were aware that travellers needed to adjust to the new country.
People may not foresee that patience and understanding are also needed with regard to travelers returning home.
The pyramid show of sound and light is one of the most interesting things for children in the region.
You can see the pyramids in darkness and you can see them in silence before the start of the show.
Here you will generally hear the sound of tourists and vendors. The meeting of sound and light is just like a novel.
The sphinx is placed on the background and it is the storyteller of a long tale.
The scenes are projected onto the pyramids and the various pyramids are illuminated.
Discovered in 1819, the South Shetland Islands are claimed by several countries and have the most bases, sixteen active in 2020.
The archipelago is 120 km north of the peninsula. The largest island is King George, on which is located the settlement Villa Las Estrellas.
Others are Livingston and Deception Islands, whose flooded caldera of a still-active volcano provides a striking natural harbor.
Ellsworth Land is the region south of the peninsula, bounded by the Bellinghausen Sea.
Having merged with the plateau here, the mountain range of the peninsula reappears, forming the Ellsworth Mountains, which are 360 kilometers long and bisected by the Minnesota Glacier.
The northern part or Sentinel Range has the highest mountains in Antarctica, the Vinson Massif, whose highest peak, Vinson, is 4892 m high.
In remotely located places with no access to a cellular network, a satellite phone may be the only means of communication.
A satellite phone is generally not a replacement for a mobile phone, as you must be outdoors with a clear view of a satellite to make a phone call.
The service is often used by ships, including pleasure craft, and also by expeditions that have needs for data and voice transmission.
Your local telephone service provider may be able to give you more information about connecting to this service.
For those who are planning a gap year, it is becoming increasingly popular to travel and study.
This is especially popular among those finishing secondary education, as it gives them a free year before going to university, without risking their education.
In many cases, if you attend a gap year course abroad, that can actually improve your chances of progressing to higher education when you return to your home country.
Normally there will be a membership fee to join these educational programs.
Finland is a wonderful travel destination for boating. The “Land of a Thousand Lakes” also has thousands of islands in the lakes and in the coastal archipelagos.
In the archipelagos and on the lakes, one doesn't necessarily need a jacket.
Despite the fact that the coastal archipelagos and the largest lakes are actually large enough for any yacht, smaller boats and even kayaks offer a different experience.
Boating is a national pastime in Finland: one in every seven or eight Finns owns a boat.
Such popularity is only seen in Norway, Sweden and New Zealand. But otherwise, it’s a rather unique statistic (for example, in the Netherlands one out of every forty people owns a boat).
The majority of the various Baltic cruise ships also include a stop in Saint Petersburg, Russia.
This means that you can fully use a few days to visit the historical city, returning to the ship at night to sleep there.
If you only disembark on ship excursions, a separate visa is not required (since 2009).
The brochures of some cruise ships include Berlin, in Germany. As can be seen above on the map, Berlin is not at all close to the sea and a visit to the city is not included in the price of the cruise.
Traveling by airplane can be a frightening experience regardless of age or origin, especially if one has never flown or if one has experienced a traumatic experience.
That is not a shameful thing: it doesn't differ from personal fears and dislikes regarding others, which many people feel.
For some people, understanding how an airplane works, and what happens during flight, can help overcome a fear that is based on not knowing or controlling things.
Courier companies receive good money for the fast delivery of goods. Often time is very important for business documents, merchandise, or replacement parts for urgent repairs.
In some routes, the larger companies have their own planes, but there have been problems in other routes and with smaller companies.
If they sent items by freight airplane, on some routes it could take several days to complete unloading and customs clearance.
The only way to fulfill that faster was to send things as registered packages. According to airline regulations, you cannot send a package without a related passenger, and there you have your opportunity.
The most obvious way to fly in first or business class is to spend a very thick wad of cash for the privilege (or, even better, have your company do it for you).
However, that is not inexpensive: according to a rough estimate, you can expect to pay up to four times the usual savings rate for business class and eleven times for first class!
Generally, it's not worth the effort to search for discounts on business or first class seats for direct flights from A to B.
Airlines know well that there is a core group of flyers who are willing to pay a lot for the privilege of traveling quickly and comfortably, and they charge accordingly.
The capital of Moldova is Chișinău. The local language is Romanian, but Russian is widely used.
Moldova is a multi-ethnic republic that has suffered an ethnic conflict.
In 1994, this conflict led to the creation of the self-proclaimed Transnistrian Republic in the east of Moldova, which has its own government and currency, but which is not recognized by any UN member state.
Economic ties have been resumed between these two parts of Moldova, even though political negotiations failed.
The most important religion in Moldova is Orthodox Christianity.
Izmir is the third largest city in Turkey, with a population of around 3.7 million, the second largest port after Istanbul, and a very good transport hub.
Having once been the ancient city of Smyrna, it is now a modern, developed, and vibrant commercial center, situated on a huge gulf and surrounded by mountains.
Among the wide boulevards, buildings with glass facades and modern shopping centers, traditional roofs of red tiles, 18th-century bazaars and old mosques and churches appear scattered here and there, but the atmosphere of the city is more of Mediterranean Europe than of traditional Turkey.
The village of Haldarsvík offers views of the nearby island of Eysturoy and on it is an unusual octagonal church.
On some graves in the churchyard there are interesting marble sculptures of doves.
It is worth dedicating half an hour to a walk through the intriguing village.
To the north and easily accessible, lies the romantic and fascinating town of Sintra, which became famous among foreigners when Lord Byron enthusiastically reported on its magnificent virtues.
The Scotturb bus line 403 regularly travels to Sintra, with a stop at Cabo da Roca.
Also in the north, visit the great Sanctuary of Our Lady of Fátima (sanctuary), which is the site of world-famous apparitions of Mary.
Please remember that you are essentially visiting a cemetery and also a place with almost immeasurable significance for a large part of the world’s population.
Many men and women still remain who survived their ordeal here, and there are even more people who had loved ones killed or worked to death there, whether Jews or not.
Please behave in this place with as much dignity, solemnity, and respect as it fully deserves. Do not joke about the Holocaust or Nazis.
Do not damage the place with markings or graffiti on the structures.
The official languages of Barcelona are Catalan and Spanish. Roughly half of the residents prefer to speak Catalan, a large majority understand it, and almost everyone speaks Spanish.
But nevertheless, most posters are only in Catalan, because the law declared it the first official language.
In any case, Spanish is also widely used in public transport and other services.
In the metro, regular announcements are only made in Catalan, but unplanned disruptions are announced by an automatic system in many languages, such as Spanish, English, French, Arabic and Japanese.
The inhabitants of Paris acquired a reputation for being self-centered, unfriendly, and proud people.
This is often just an imprecise stereotype, but the best way to maintain smooth relationships with Parisians is to behave as if one were “bien élevé” (well-mannered). That will make the trip much easier.
The brusque manners of Parisians will quickly evaporate if one shows basic politeness.
The Plitvice Lakes National Park has abundant forests, mainly of beech, spruce and fir trees, and it presents a mixture of alpine and Mediterranean vegetation.
The diversity of plant communities is remarkably high due to the range of microclimates, varied terrains, and different altitudes.
The region is also home to extremely diverse animals and bird species.
There one can find rare fauna, such as European brown bears, wolves, eagles, owls, lynx, wild cats, and capercaillie, in addition to many more common species.
During a visit to the monasteries, women must wear knee-length skirts and also cover their shoulders.
Most monasteries do indeed provide towels to women who arrive unprepared, but the monk or nun at the entrance will smile at you if you bring your own towel, especially if it is light-colored.
Similarly, men must wear knee-length trousers.
You can also borrow those from the storage room near the entrance, but those clothes aren't washed after each use, and therefore you might not feel comfortable if you use these skirts. There is one size for all men!
Majorcan cuisine, like that of similar Mediterranean regions, has bread, vegetables, and meat (especially pork) as its base, and it uses olive oil everywhere.
A simple, popular evening meal, especially in the summer, is "pa amb oli": bread with olive oil, tomato and any available topping, such as cheese, tuna, etc.
Every noun, in addition to the word Sie with the meaning 'you', always begins with a capital letter, even in the middle of a sentence.
This is an important way to distinguish certain verbs and objects.
Probably it also makes reading easier, but writing becomes a little more complicated because one needs to know whether a verb or adjective is used in the nominalized form.
Pronunciation is relatively easy in the Italian language, because most of the words are pronounced exactly as they are written.
The letters that are most noteworthy are c and g, because their pronunciation changes depending on the following vowel.
Furthermore, one must pronounce r and rr differently: caro means pencil, while carro means cart.
The grammar of the Persian language is relatively easy and regular in most cases.
Therefore, reading this grammar introduction would help you learn a lot of Persian grammar and understand sentences better.
It goes without saying that if one speaks a Romance language, that will make learning Portuguese easier.
But nevertheless, people who speak a little Spanish can quickly conclude that Portuguese is so close that it isn't worth learning separately.
Generally, pre-modern observatories are now outdated and remain as museums or educational facilities.
Because light pollution wasn't such a problem then as it is today, they generally are located in cities or near universities, places more easily accessible than those where ones built in modern times are.
The most modern telescopes for research are enormous facilities in remote locations under favorable atmospheric conditions.
Cherry blossom viewing, also known as hanami, has been part of Japanese culture since the 8th century.
The concept came from China, where the plum blossom was the preferred flower.
In Japan, the first cherry blossom festivals were arranged by the emperor solely for himself and for other aristocrats around the imperial court.
Because plants look best in their natural environment, do not give in to the temptation to remove specimens, not even "just one."
If you visit a formally arranged garden, collecting “specimens” will also cause your expulsion without discussion.
Singapore is generally a very safe and very easily explorable place. Upon arriving, you can buy almost anything there.
But nevertheless, since you will be in the “high tropics”, only a few degrees north of the equator, you will have to fight against the heat (always) and the strong sun (when the sky is clear, less often).
Furthermore, there are a few buses that go north to Hebron, the traditional burial place of the patriarchs from the Bible – Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, and their wives.
Make sure whether the bus you want to use goes to Hebron and not just the nearby Jewish settlement of Kiryat Arba.
Inland waterways can be a good theme on which to base holidays.
Thus, it would be possible, for example, to visit castles in the Loire Valley or the Rhine Valley, or to go on a cruise ship to interesting cities on the Danube, or by boat along the Erie Canal.
They also precisely map routes of known roads for hiking and cycling.
Christmas is among the most important holidays of Christianity. It celebrates the birthday of Jesus.
Non-believers living in Christian countries or elsewhere in the world have adopted many of the traditions of this holiday.
Traditionally, people spend Easter night sleepless in an outdoor location to see the sunrise.
Of course, there are Christian theological explanations for this tradition, but it could be a pre-Christian spring and fertility rite.
On the Saturday night of the Easter weekend, more traditional churches often hold an Easter vigil, and the congregations begin to celebrate precisely at midnight to celebrate the resurrection of Christ.
All the animals that initially arrived at the archipelago came either by swimming, flying, or floating.
Due to the long distance between the islands and the continent, mammals could not make such a journey, and therefore the giant tortoise became the main grazing animal on the Galapagos Islands.
Since their arrival, people have introduced many mammals to the Galapagos Islands, including goats, horses, cattle, rats, cats, and dogs.
If you visit the Arctic or Antarctic regions in winter, you will experience a polar night, that is, the sun will not rise above the horizon.
This offers a good chance to see the northern lights, as the sky will be dark almost all the time.
You will also be able to enjoy the stars, because those regions are sparsely populated and therefore light pollution is usually not a problem.
Japanese work culture is more hierarchical and formal than what Westerners may be accustomed to.
Suits are the normal work attire, and colleagues address each other by family names or job titles.
Workplace harmony is most important, just as emphasizing collective effort is preferable to praising individual achievements.
Workers usually have to receive approval from their superiors for all decisions made and they must obey instructions without question.
