“Now we have a rat that doesn’t have diabetes anymore and it has four legs,” the man said.
Dr. Ehud Ur, a professor of medicine at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia, and the chair of science and clinical care for the Canadian Diabetes Association, has stated that this research is very new.
Like other experts, they have two thoughts about whether they can cure diabetes, they said those things they discovered are not for people who have Type 1 diabetes.
In March, the first secretary of the Nobel Committee for Literature at the Swedish Academy, announced publicly on a radio program of Sveriges Radio in Sweden that they had been unable to reach Bob Dylan regarding the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature that he had won, and they did not work to try and contact him.
Daniel said, “Okay, we’re not working on anything right now. I called and sent emails to the person who usually works with him, and I got good responses back, so that’s it.”
Previously, the CEO of Ring, Jamie Siminoff, said that the company started when he couldn't hear the doorbell of his house while he was in his garage at his home while putting his car away.
He built a WiFi antenna himself, he said.
Siminoff said that the amount of money he needed to operate and grow his business was rejected during an episode of the Shark Tank program when the investors on the show refused to give him money to help his business.
Close to the end of 2017, Siminoff appeared on QVC, a television 'channel' for selling things.
And so, Ring gave money to a security company, ADT Corporation, who they were trying to get to take him to court.
A treatment that they used for testing, it reduced the number of people who died from Ebola. Now that it’s come back, there isn’t a medicine that works as well to completely clear up this sickness.
A treatment using antibodies, called ZMapp, was initially thought to be able to cure the illness, but later studies showed it wasn’t able to save people from the death rate they were expecting.
When they did a test called PALM, ZMapp acted as a 'control', meaning scientists used it as a 'baseline' and figured out how other treatments worked afterwards.
USA Gymnastics supports the decision of the United States Olympic Committee and understands that this is a very important thing for the Olympic family to create a safe environment for all ‘athletes’.
We support the USOC’s statement that it is good for athletes and clubs, and their games, and this can happen when we work to do our jobs and make good standards come into the organization, and it doesn’t remove certificates.
USA Gymnastics supports an investigation to determine how the abuse of other individuals came about in this kind of situation over a long period of time, and now those lines have been drawn regarding the statements Larry Nassar made, and they will make good and proper decisions.
USA Gymnastics and the USOC have a responsibility to think – to create a 'gymnastics' game, and for others, to ensure that all 'athletes' can pursue their dreams in a safe, positive and good environment that makes them feel like they are capable of achieving something.
In the 1960s, Brzezinski worked as an advisor to John F. Kennedy and later worked in the Lyndon B. Johnson administration.
In 1976, he gave advice to Carter on 'foreign policy', and afterwards he took the place of Henry Kissinger and worked as National Security Advisor (NSA) from 1977 to 1981.
When he worked like the NSA, he helped Carter make good decisions on ‘world affairs’, such as the Camp David Accords in 1978, and improved relations between the US and China in the 1970s; and with the Iranian Revolution, which caused the ‘Iran hostage crises’ in 1979; and when the Soviet Union went into the country Afghanistan in 1979.
This movie that Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone are in, people are making it seem like they're stuck in all the big 'categories'.
They nominated Gosling and Stone for the ‘category’ of Best Actor and Best Actress.
They nominated them for ‘category’ awards for Best Picture, Director, Cinematography, Costume Design, Film-editing, Original Score, Production Design, Sound Editing, Sound Mixing and Original Screenplay.
The songs from this movie, Audition (The Fools Who Dream) and City of Stars, were nominated for ‘best original song’. They nominated Lionsgate studio 26 times—that’s more than any other ‘studio’.
In Sande, President of the United States Donald Trump, in a statement within a letter his press secretary wrote, said that US soldiers will leave the country Syria.
This report came after Trump spoke on the phone with the President of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
And so, this letter says that Turkey will work to send back the ISIS soldiers that European countries don’t want to take back to their own countries.
This thing behaves very much like the early dinosaurs had scales, a concept many lines of evidence support, but it gives information that fossils cannot provide, such as a sense of the 'three dimensional arrangement'.
The scientists say the colour of the fur of this animal is 'chestnut-brown' underneath, together with a 'pale' or 'carotenoid-coloured' area on the upper side.
This work suggests some ideas about how fish food grows.
Because the feathers of birds that live in dinosaurs don't have a 'well-developed shaft', which is called a 'rachis', but they have two other things on the bird feathers – 'barbs' and 'barbules' – researchers went further with this work and found that this 'rachis' came about later in the development of the feathers of birds that live in dinosaurs.
The scales of those fish fins act like their job isn't just to fly, but to regulate their body temperature and to show their colour to others. Other researchers going through this painful work thought that, even though this is the scale of a small dinosaur, this ‘sample’ shows the scales of a large dinosaur and not the scales of a baby dinosaur.
People went to see that research and thought that even though it was about a small dinosaur, it showed that the skin of large dinosaurs wasn’t as plentiful as the skin of young dinosaurs.
A bomb went off in a car and exploded at the main police headquarters in Gaziantep, Turkey this morning, killing two police officers and injuring more than twenty other people.
The governor's office stated that the injuries of those people who were harmed are physical, and those are police officers.
Police said the suspects claimed a Daesh (ISIL) soldier was responsible for this incident.
They discovered that stars have large thoughts like other states: This activity of all states in the system, they discovered as 'luminosity' and 'rotation', and there is nothing else generally.
This 'luminosity' and 'rotation' are used together to find the Rossby number of a star, and this is related to 'plasma flow'.
If Rossby number is small, the ‘magnetic reversal’ of this star will not be very effective.
During his travels, Iwasaki encountered many difficulties.
The 'pirate' was kidnapped and had his belongings stolen, a sick doctor treated him in Tibet, he ran away across the border into Nepal, and they arrested him in India.
802.11n standard can operate on two 'frequencies', 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz.
This allows it to work 'backwards' with 802.11a, 802.11g; this can happen if the 'base station' has 'dual radios'.
The 802.11n wireless signals transmit on more frequencies than previously used, and the maximum theoretical throughput is 600Mbit/s.
David, he is married and has two big children, and he didn't make Miller happy, that's the story that was told about him.
When they asked him to make a speech, Miller said, "Mike talks a lot about the history of this place...He works to prepare things, but I don't hear what he actually says."
We aim to work hard to reduce the amount of 'carbon dioxide' emissions per unit of GDP in 2020 to the level it was at in 2005, he said.
He didn't reveal a number regarding when this would come down to him, and he said that they would do this following how much money China is making.
They are strengthening countries that are working to develop ways "to first cause pollution, and then clean up that pollution afterwards."
He further stated that “they must not be asked to do work beyond their capacity, work that is appropriate for their stage of development, work that they are able to do, and work that builds on their existing knowledge.”
This Iraq Study Group released its report at 12:00 GMT today.
He warned that at that time, no man could claim that any kind of plan could succeed in stopping the pain and suffering that always came with sex, crosses, and great misfortune.
This report began with a request for an 'open debate' and a thought about US policy going to the Middle East.
This report clearly states that everything within the Executive’s policy regarding Iraq must be investigated and resolved.
The first recommendation of the 78 recommendations is that there should be a new 'diplomatic initiative' before the end of the year to ensure the borders of Iraq are secure for its neighbors and to improve good relationships with nearby countries.
During a visit to Avellaneda, a city 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Buenos Aires, the senator who is Argentine First Lady Cristina Fernández de Kirchner announced that she will not run for president.
Mrs. Kircher expressed her thoughts on resisting becoming president of the Argentine Theatre, at the same location she used to launch her 2005 campaign for Senate as a member of the Buenos Aires provincial delegation.
This talk about aid came about because other countries used a lot of money to give help and rebuild houses and things that Hurricane Katrina damaged; some of those countries who knew about how much money the government used called this the "Bush's New Orleans Deal."
The Liberals said that the work to understand what was damaged has been given to construction contracts with businesses that have some connections to people who are based in Washington.
More than four million people went to Rome for this funeral.
This number of people who were present at that time was very large, and all the lines were unable to go inside the funeral service that was taking place inside St. Peter's Square.
Many large television screens were set up in various places in Rome so people could watch the funeral.
In many other cities of Italy and in all parts of the world, a large bird in Poland, they made various 'setups', and many people watched this funeral.
The lawyers know how to study history and are talking against the FBI policies that are using “resources” on cases that are already being straightened out, especially concerning the site of the cars that the lawyers had stolen, and why they want to make the FBI look bad so the cases will go further down the line.
Congress began funding an 'obscenity initiative' when it made its budget in 2005 and said the FBI must assign 10 female agents to investigate 'adult pornography' cases.
Robin Uthappa made the highest score and won against all the big scores in that innings, scoring 70 runs off just 41 balls, including 11 fours and 2 sixes.
Middle order batsmen, Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, consistently scored centuries when they played together.
However, after following the captain’s decision to bowl, India only managed to score 36 runs and lost 7 wickets to finish that innings.
U.S. President George W. Bush arrived in Singapore on the morning of November 16, to begin a week-long trip touring Asia.
Singapore’s Deputy Prime Minister Wong Kan Seng spoke with Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong about ‘trade’ and ‘terrorism’.
Following a week after the losses in the 'midterm election', Bush spoke on a phone line to people and told them about the 'expansion' that would come with 'trade' in Asia.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper had wanted to send the government's 'Clean Air Act' to an all-party committee for scrutiny, before a second reading, this followed a 25-minute meeting with NDP leader Jack Layton at the PMO.
When the meeting happened with the PM, Layton asked about some of the proposals coming forward on the environmental paper that the ‘conservatives’ had put together, he asked about “writing rules that effectively eliminate good things and effectively enable all large-scale things” in this policy document from the Conservative party on the environment.
When the Federal Government came and took the money from the Mersey House health facility in Devonport, Tasmania, the government of that 'state' and some government MPs strongly stated that passing it was a trick to prepare for the upcoming election in November.
However, Prime Minister John Howard said that this decision is just a way to shut down the buildings and machinery of that sick house, and that the Tasmanian government cannot lower the level of healthcare provided, and he gave an additional AUD$45 million.
The latest news reports that sea level readings suggest a tsunami may have occurred. There was indeed some tsunami activity recorded near Pago Pago and Niue.
In Tonga, there have been no reports of major damage to things or people, but there is no power and this has meant that the authorities in Tonga did not heed the tsunami warning that the PTWC issued.
All the football players from Hawaii who were or are near the south side have passed through Trinity, even though they tried to hide that fact.
U.S. President George W. Bush welcomed this news.
The spokesperson for the State Department, Gordon Johndroe, said that North Korea’s ‘pledge’ is “a significant step that contributes to the goal of achieving ‘verifiable denuclearization’ of the Korean ‘peninsula’.”
This number ten is a big win and a result that they are calling for this Hurricane season, Subtropical Storm Jerry, and it is working to start coming from the Atlantic Ocean right now.
The National Hurricane Centre (NHC) says that at this time Jerry is not positioned in a way that it will cause significant ground impacts.
The U.S. Corps of Engineers estimates that 6 inches of rain will further damage all the levees that were already damaged and are standing.
In the Ninth Ward, the water rose to about 20 feet high during Hurricane Katrina, but now the area is still close to the lake and the 'levee' that’s nearby overflowed and flooded it.
The pipe works inside the capsule and goes into the 'levee' on the section where its biggest part is 100 'feet'.
Commons Administrator Adam Cuerden announced the reasons for the 'deletions' when he spoke with Wikinews on Monday as it was concluding.
He [Wales] intimidated us into revealing everything. Then, he acted as if he was working to make this happen because he wanted to follow the law. Afterwards, he acted as if he was working to observe and listen to us, and then carried out 'deletion'.
The community is across this and has prompted work to create policies regarding 'sexual content' on this 'site' which commonly uses millions of 'open-licensed media' items.
This work is what they did to develop some ideas, but they wrote this program to simulate things they observed in the Sagittarius galaxy.
The thing this team did was to first estimate the amount of 'dark matter' in this 'galaxy' and the 'dark matter' in the Milky Way 'galaxy', and then they found it.
It’s like the moon has a force that pulls the earth towards it, and forms the tides; the Milky Way also has a force that pulls the Sagittarius 'galaxy' towards it.
Scientists cannot come to a consensus on the idea that 'dark matter' interacts with other 'dark matter' in a way that all 'matter' does.
This scientific idea says that a lot of 'dark matter' in 'galaxies' surrounds the 'galaxy' like a 'halo', and it contains many 'small particles' inside it.
The television showed a report about a large plume of smoke rising from that area.
The authorities have warned people living near this river to stay inside their houses, turn off their air-conditioners, and not drink water from the tap.
The Japanese nuclear agency said they have detected 'radioactive caesium' and 'iodine' in the soil.
The authorities believe that this is happening because those containers holding 'uranium' at that site are breaking and leaking.
Dr. Tony Moll discovered this Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in the KwaZulu-Natal region of South Africa.
In an interview, he said that the new 'variant' had "caused a lot of trouble and suffering because many people have died."
I saw some of the nurses bring this animal to the hospital, Dr. Moll thinks, and two of the others are female workers at the hospital.
Within a year, a person who is sick with this animal can spread the disease to 10 to 15 others who live nearby.
However, the percentage of XDR-TB within a group of people with 'tuberculosis' disease has decreased to 60,000 out of 330,000 people who contracted the disease at one point in time in South Africa.
These two satellites weigh 1,000 pounds together and orbit at 17,500 miles in one hour, circling 491 miles above the Earth.
The scientists said that this virus, which came about when those two things collided, is very dangerous.
They worked hard trying to find the source of the big fire and it caused some kind of disaster on Earth.
The United States Strategic Command of the U.S. Department of Defense office is working to locate and identify all the objects that are still out there.
The results of the 'plotting analysis' will be posted on a public website.
A doctor who used to work at the Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, has been charged with 'aggravated murder' after authorities in Ohio found his mother dead in the backseat of his car in Trinde, authorities in Ohio said.
Dr. Malar Balasubramanian, 29, was found in Blue Ash, Ohio, in a community about 15 miles northeast of Cincinnati, lying face down on the road wearing a T-shirt and carrying pens. She appeared to have taken a lot of medication and her thinking was not clear.
He told the officers to go to his black Oldsmobile Intrigue which is parked 500 feet away.
Yesterday, they found the body of Saroja Balasubramanian, 53, wrapped in blankets soaked in blood.
The police said it looked like the body had been inside for about a day.
The first cases of this illness during this season were reported in early July.
These pigs are known to carry disease, and mosquitoes can get the disease from the pigs and give it to people.
This outbreak has happened, and the Indian government is doing things like sending teams of health workers to areas where many pigs are sick and dying, and providing thousands of mosquito nets and spraying pesticides.
Some millions of 'vials' for 'encephalitis' vaccine that the government promised to provide will help health agencies to do their work in the new year.
The people responsible for distributing these vaccines to areas with a history of many deaths from this disease this year haven't been able to do much because they don't have enough money and they didn't think it was a big problem when they dismissed it alongside other illnesses.
In 1956, Slania moved to Sweden, and three years later he started working for the Swedish Post Office and became their ‘chief engraver’.
He collected over 1,000 Swedish 'stamps' and from 28 other countries.
His work is of good quality and many experts recognize it, and he is able to create all those tiny little things accurately, which is a hobby for those who call themselves 'philatelists'. Some 'specialize' in the art of collecting only his work.
The world's largest 'stamp' created by him, a true masterpiece titled "Great Deeds by Swedish Kings" by David Klöcker Ehrenstrahl in 2000, is featured in the Guinness Book of World Records.
They were commissioned to do 'engraving' on the 'bank notes' of many countries, and some examples of their work are the 'portraits' of the Prime Ministers that appear on the front of the new $5 and $100 Canadian banknotes.
After the accident happened, they took him to the hospital, but he died shortly after.
The truck driver, who has 64 Christmases (is quite old), was not injured in the crash.
They received this car and drove it to the place where the accident happened around 1200 GMT today.
A worker inside the 'garage' near the accident site said: "There were children who worked on the boat who went to another part of the road and they were all signaling and crying."
All the vehicles returned to the place where the accident happened.
Other things discussed at the meeting while they were in Bali were the practice of saving existing local buses, and using technology to help developing countries follow paths that don't cause much pollution as they develop.
And so, the U.N. wants to do some work to improve a 'fund' to help countries that are working to deal with the effects of 'global warming'.
This money can be used to help families whose gardens are damaged, for good garden management, and to plant various foods.
The media reported as the work of some men to stop women from talking about things that were not right regarding the health issues they were experiencing.
She developed this idea because of many good discussions and 'encouragement' that women and men sent to her, and she said that a way to safely deliver babies should be developed as a service that all hospitals should provide.
After the fight ended, they carried the injured to the hospital, like 40 from other jails escaped and didn’t want to return to their cells.
They had discussions to resolve this issue, but something the prisoners wanted wasn’t clear.
Around 10:00-11:00 pm MDT, other prisoners started a fire outside the prison building.
I wasn't expecting it when the officers wearing 'riot gear' came inside the area and used 'tear gas' to prevent the prisoners from escaping.
The firefighters received this call at 11:35 pm.
When they finished building this dam in 1963, the tides that used to come in stopped affecting all the areas the water reached.
Those grounds create sandbars and reefs, which serve as habitats for various bush animals.
Because of this, two species of fish are completely gone, and two others are nearly gone, one of them is a ‘humpback chub’.
Even though the water level will drop several 'feet' before following this tide, the officers want it to be possible to place the 'sandbars' in the places where the water usually flows down into.
There was no tsunami warning issued, and the 'geophysics agency' in Jakarta said there would be no tsunami warning because the earthquake was not of magnitude 6.5 or greater, which is the magnitude that triggers a tsunami warning.
Even if there wasn't a tsunami warning, thieves worked quickly and started losing people’s businesses and houses.
Despite Winfrey working hard for a long time and people saying goodbye to her, she clearly stated to the others that she knows they want to see her as if she will come back.
This one is not good. This one is the time to finish one week and open a new week.
The former results of the election of the president and parliament of Namibia showed that President Hifikepunye Pohamba and his party achieved a large majority in order to become president again.
This party that went to the government, the South West Africa People's Organisation (SWAPO), won a large number of seats inside the parliamentary election.
The 'coalition' and Afghan soldiers moved to that area to get it, and they sent other 'coalition' members to help them do it.
This “crash” happened in a place with many mountains, people think it happened because the birds flew it into them.
The work of finding where the plane crashed was hindered by bad weather and the hot place went to it.
The medical charities Mangola, Doctors Without Borders (Medecines Sans Frontieres), and the World Health Organisation have said that this is a very serious outbreak happening inside the country.
Médecins Sans Frontières doctor Richard Veerman said: “Angola is working to get to places that are very bad with this ‘outbreak’ and this illness is very bad in Angola,” he said.
The games started at 10:00am with good weather, and even though there was a little rain this morning, it cleared up, so this day is really good for playing rugby 7's.
South Africa was the top team inside this tournament, and they started well when they defeated the Zambian team, who were ranked number 5 in the tournament, 26-00.
They seemed unable to play well with their fellow players on the south side, but when the tournament started, the South Africans began to play much better.
The discipline of defense is that when they work with teamwork and a good team, it makes them play very well and everyone knows that other teams must try to defeat them.
The officials of the Amsterdam city and the Anne Frank Museum said that this mold is damaging it and it could cause further damage to public health if they say it is likely to collapse.
They said that they would cut it down to Tunde, but an emergency court 'ruling' saved the tree.
All the peaks of the stone hills, which are called "The Seven Sisters", range in height from 100 to 250 meters (328 to 820 feet) or more.
The images taken with 'infrared' light show patterns that come from temperature differences during the day and night, and they show that these places are old stone structures.
They keep getting sicker in the places they travel to, and are getting hotter in the places they travel to, both during the day and at night.
“The ‘thermal behavior’ of these is not working the same way as the large rocky bodies of stone on Earth which typically have a certain temperature, but rather they are working like the temperature of deep holes stays in the ground,” said Glen Cushing of the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Astrogeology Team and Northern Arizona University in Flagstaff, Arizona.
In France, the process of 'voting' is not a technological one: voters go to a table, take a paper that has already been printed showing which candidate they want to elect, and put it into an envelope.
After the officials have checked the voter’s name and location, the voter will put the ballot paper inside the envelope, then put their signature on the list and mark the candidate of their choice.
The French team at the election said that they must put that 'code' into the work of finding candidates.
Since 1988 and continuing to today, all 'ballot boxes' must be kept clean, and the lines for voting and the lines for watching the vote should be able to see that there are no envelopes inside the voting station, and no other envelopes are put inside the envelopes that have already been counted and sealed, and everything comes to the lines that have the authority to vote.
The candidates must submit the forms they completed to go and witness all the steps of the work. Additionally, the volunteers can count the votes and there are lines to follow the procedures for supervising their work.
The ASUS Eee PC, they presented it everywhere on the ground because it can save people and it can do a lot of important work; it became a big topic that people talked about at the 2007 Taipei IT Month.
However, the marketing of the 'laptop' to the public will have various products and subsequently all following ASUS received the 2007 Taiwan Sustainable Award given by the Executive Yuan of the Republic of China.
The style of this website calls this 'show' like "an old-fashioned radio drama, but with new and different clever styles in it!"
On her new days, this ‘show’ comes on the internet radio station TogiNet Radio, which is a website that has radio talks on it.
Since 2015, TogiNet has used AstroNet Radio as the radio station that began broadcasting on it.
This show featured voice actors who didn't have much knowledge or experience, and they were from East Texas.
The practice of stealing various items at night and bringing them back in the morning continues, and its officials are not located in the hands of Bishkek.
A man who worked to steal this thing said that Bishkek works to come up with a way to say "there's no loss on the other side," while groups of people went around with their hands in their pockets and stole things from the stores.
Some of the other countries who live in Bishkek sent word to the others to protest in the south, because they are against this habit of breaking the law.
South Africa defeated the All Blacks (New Zealand) in a rugby union match of the Tri Nations tournament at Royal Bafokeng Stadium in Rustenburg, South Africa.
This last-minute score was one point to win, 21 to 20, and it finished the 15th game that the All Blacks had won.
For the Springboks, it's the final of the 5 games they lost and are now coming back to win.
This game was a tough one for the All Blacks, who have now won this 'trophy' after two weeks of competition.
This highly anticipated game in the ‘series’ will be held at Ellis Park in Johannesburg next week, when the Springboks play against Australia.
A small but powerful earthquake struck western Montana at 10:08 p.m. on Monday.
There have been no reports yet from the damage that is expected from the United States Geological Survey (USGS) and its National Earthquake Information Center.
This mine is located approximately 20 km (15 miles) north-northeast of Dillon, and about 65 km (40 miles) south of Butte.
This strain of bird flu, H5N1, is very dangerous to humans, and experts are saying that the disease is spreading to poultry farms, and they found it in France, in places close to Lyon in the east of the country.
France is the seventeenth country in the European Union to experience a bad time with this virus, following Austria, Slovenia, Bulgaria, Greece and Italy.
The cases where they suspect H5N1 in Croatia and Denmark, they haven't confirmed yet if they are real or not.
Chambers received God and went to the court of "death which comes to all places on the ground, disaster and pain and heaviness come to many millions of people of Earth."
Chambers, a man who didn’t believe in God, spoke bitterly like a dog about his owner, saying he was “not a big deal” and “any man can get another to go to the kennel.”
This story is based on the French opera by Camille Saint-Saens, and it’s the story of an “artist” whose life followed his desire for drugs and Japan.
So, the other actors smoked marijuana on stage, and the theatre strengthened the actors’ minds to sit and watch them perform.
Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, Texas Governor Rick Perry, and Congresswoman Michele Bachmann finished fourth, fifth, and sixth.
Following the results coming out, Gingrich adopted the name of Santorum, but he had strong words for Romney, who had made negative campaign advertisements against Gingrich in Iowa.
Perry said he would "go back to Texas to collect the results of the meeting tonight, and collect if there's a route for me to stay at that resort," but then he said he would stay inside that resort and campaign for the January 21st South Carolina primary.
Bachmann, who won the Ames Straw Poll in Iowa, made the decision to end her campaign.
They took this man, still conscious, for photos to Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center, where he stayed and then died.
They said he cooked around 20 Christmases worth of food. In a statement from Bieber, he said, "Even though I am not at that place and I was not inside during the accident, my thoughts and prayers are with the families of those who died."
The website known for providing entertainment news, TMZ, reports that this man taking photos stopped his car on Sepulveda Boulevard and then worked to get pictures of police stopping a car, and then followed them to another location on the road and continued taking photos. This caused a California Highway Patrol police officer who was working to stop cars to give him orders to leave twice and told him to go back.
The police said that they saw the driver of that car hit this man while taking photos, and they won't be able to get evidence.
I understand there's a chance to get a medal, but only for winning in many days, some countries haven’t won a medal and gone to the medal podium to receive one.
This from the Netherlands, with Anna Jochemsen finishing in ninth place in the ‘women’s standing class’ within the Super-G race, and Finland with Katja Saarinen finishing tenth in the same competition.
Mitchell Gourley of Australia finished in eleventh place in the 'men's standing' category in Super-G. Czech player Oldrich Jelinek finished in sixteenth place in the 'men's sitting' category in Super-G.
Arly Velasquez of Mexico finished in 15th place in the 'men's sitting' category of the Super-G. The New Zealand player, Adam Hall, finished in 9th place in the 'men's standing' category of the Super-G.
The Polish player Maciej Krezel and his guide Anna Ogarzynska finished in fourth place in the 'men's visually impaired' Super-G. The South Korean player Jong Seork Park finished in twentieth place in the 'men's sitting' Super-G.
The UN 'peacekeepers' who went to Haiti after the big earthquake in 2010, they are now being accused of giving the disease to the people, and the disease started near their camp.
The car papers said that the UN chemical spills didn't kill the animals well, and this caused the animals to go into the Artibonite River, one of the biggest rivers inside the country of Haiti.
Before the soldiers arrived, Haiti did not have problems with cyclones that started in the 1800s and are now returning.
The Haitian Institute for Justice and Democracy conducted a study which found that Nepalese soldiers within that 'peacekeeping' group were unskilled and brought the cholera outbreak to Haiti.
Danielle Lantagne, a UN health expert, said this disease needs to start with the 'peacekeepers'.
Hamilton said that it is true Howard University Hospital received this patient and he is in good condition.
This worker went to Nigeria, and some cases of Ebola came about there with him.
This health facility follows a system of referring patients with serious illnesses, and they send this sick person onwards to other health workers to refer him on to others, to pass this illness along.
Before The Simpsons, Simon used to work in various positions on a few shows.
During the years inside the 1980s, he worked on shows like Taxi, Cheers, and The Tracy Ullman Show.
In 1989, he helped to develop The Simpsons with Brooks and Groening, and he worked to get the number one team to write the story for this 'show'.
Even though he lost the rights to that 'show' in 1993, he still holds the title of 'executive producer' and continues to receive ten million dollars for each season as 'royalty' payments.
Sometimes the Chinese news agency Xinhua reports that some countries are releasing balloons.
The reports said that this balloon received a 'bomb threat' and they sent it back to Afghanistan, and it went down in Kandahar.
The reports came out saying they sent this balloon back to Afghanistan before they didn’t talk about it anymore after it landed in Ürümqi.
Aircraft accidents happen frequently in Iran, due to old planes and a lack of proper maintenance for both public and military operations.
International companies who talk about banning people from buying things are making it impossible for people to buy new balloons.
Sometimes last week, a helicopter crashed and killed three people, and another three were seriously injured.
After the plane finished going to Iran, a major disaster happened after many years when a balloon that was operating went to Armenia and ‘crashed’, and killed 168 people who were on the balloon.
During that same moment, another plane took off from the edge of the 'runway' in Mashhad and then climbed, and killed seventeen people.
Aerosmith cancelled the other concerts that were scheduled around theirs.
This rock band is touring the United States and Canada, starting on September 16th.
They were following the movements of their lead singer, Steven Tyler, who hurt his body when he jumped and fell onto the stage while performing with Aerosmith.
Murray lost the first set after two men teamed up and won all the serves in that set.
Del Potro had a chance to win in the second set, but they needed a tie-break when the score reached 6-6.
The patient received treatment for his shoulder at that time and then went back to play.
This program starts at 8:30 p.m. local time (3:00 p.m. UTC).
The singers who are numerous and skilled throughout all the regions of the country perform bhajans, or devotional songs, in the name of Shri Shyam.
If singer Sanju Sharma began at the event, and Jai Shankar Choudhary joined him. Then, Lakkha Singh performed a devotional song (chhappan bhog bhajan). Also, singer Raju Khandelwal worked with him on the singing.
Afterwards, Lakkha Singh went to sing the bhajans.
The 108 plates of offerings from Chhappan Bhog (in Hinduism, 56 different types of food items, like sweets, fruits, snacks, and cooked foods, and some more that will be prepared for the deities) were given to Baba Shyam.
And then, Lakkha Singh performed a devotional song—fifty-six offerings of devotional songs. Also, Raju Khandelwal worked with him on the performance.
At the Fonde presentation at the Tokyo Game Show, Nintendo president Satoru Iwata presented a 'controller design' for the company’s new game, the Nintendo Revolution.
This 'controller' looks like a television 'remote controller', this 'controller' uses two 'sensors' that are close to the user’s temples to 'triangulate' in 'three dimensional space'.
This will allow players to control the actions and movements inside the 'video game' while they move.
Giancarlo Fisichella couldn't control his car and only stopped on the small straight after the start of the race.
One of the times Fernando Alonso was far ahead of everyone inside the race, but he stopped in the race when he made a 'pit stop', it looked like it happened because of a front wheel that wasn’t put on properly.
I wasn't surprised when Alonso and Michael Schumacher retired from the race, because his 'suspension' was failing while he was trying to win a specific position in the race.
She looked very nice and also, she can sing well, she said during a recording of a 'news conference'.
I can see some things all the time we practice this, I can see insight within my heart.
It took about 3 minutes after they launched it into space when a camera on board showed something like pieces of 'insulation foam' breaking off from the 'fuel tank'.
However, they didn't realize this was happening and a problem occurred with the 'shuttle'.
The head of NASA's 'shuttle' program, N. Wayne Hale Jr., said that the 'foam' had been falling off “behind the times we were thinking a lot about it.”
After five minutes of the 'display', a wind started to blow, and a minute later, that wind came up to a speed of 70km/h... alright, rain came, but it poured down very strongly and its size was huge and it pierced your skin like a needle, alright then ice started falling like stones from the sky, people panicked and shouted, and the rain continued onto another place.
“I lost my shoes and socks, and when I went to the hospital there were two nurses sitting in wheelchairs, and the people surrounded them and pushed two of them,” Armand Versace.
NHK reported that the Kashiwazaki Kariwa nuclear power plant in Niigata province is operating well.
Hokuriku Electric Power Co. reported that there are no issues with the containment vessels of reactors Number 1 and Number 2, which are located at the Shika nuclear power plant, and they have been restarted.
They reported that nearly 9400 homes in the region have no water and almost 100 have no electricity.
Some of the roads were damaged, there was no train service to the areas affected by the earthquake, and Noto Airport in Ishikawa province is still operating.
A bomb exploded outside the Governor-General's office.
Three more bombs exploded close to the government buildings inside two hours.
Some reports say the number of people who died is increasing, and reports coming from offices say 30 people were injured; but the true number is still unknown.
Cyanuric acid and melamine were found inside the 'samples' of the 'fish' that died after eating this animal feed that was poisoned within it.
These two 'compounds' can 'react' with chemicals to form crystals that can block the kidneys from functioning properly, researchers at various universities have reported.
The researchers found that these 'crystals' formed inside the cats' kidneys when they added 'melamine' and 'cyanuric acid'.
The 'composition' of this 'crystal' is similar to those found inside the digestive systems of animals that consume this food, as determined by 'infrared spectroscopy (FTIR)'.
I don’t know if you’re aware of this or not, but many of the cargo ships are coming to Central America and entering the country 'duty-free'.
However, the meat products of those containers of ours, they know how to put labels on them inside the 'tariffs' of the countries of Central America.
I can't see well with this; it's not right.
We want to tell all of you that you treated us badly, just as we treated you in the past.
California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger signed a law making it legally permissible to stop the sale or rental of violent video games to children.
This bill states that all video games sold in California must be marked with a “18” rating decal, and that the law is being broken repeatedly, costing people $1000 each time it is broken.
The Director of Public Prosecutions, Kier Starmer QC, gave a statement this morning saying they would try Huhne and Pryce.
The Prime Minister is saying that Ed Davey MP will lose his position in Cabinet. Norman Lamb MP will take over the role of Business Minister that Davey is leaving.
The hearing for Huhne and Pryce at Westminster Magistrates Court is on February 16.
The victims were Nicholas Alden, 25, and Zachary Cuddeback, 21. Cuddeback was driving the car.
Edgar Veguilla was seriously injured in a hand accident and the bones in his head, and Kristoffer Schneider will need 'reconstructive surgery' on his face.
The part of the engine on the plane wasn’t working when it was pointing towards the head of the number five man. Schneider could see the pin, but his own wasn’t able to be seen, and one side of the head’s burn and his feet were made of ‘titanium’ and were working.
Schneider gave a testimony in a video at a USAF base in his country.
Behind the leaders who came from Trinidad, Carpanedo played well inside the other two races at these Championships.
His first race was in Slalom, and he received a Did Not Finish inside his first run. 36 out of the 116 competitors received poor results in that race.
Her other race, the Giant Slalom, she finished tenth in the 'women's seating group' with a running time of 4:41.30, 2:11.60 minutes behind the woman who came in first, Austrian Claudia Loesch, and 1:09.02 behind the woman who came in ninth place, Gyöngyi Dani of Hungary.
The four female skiers in the 'women's sitting group' did not finish their runs, and 45 of the 117 lines they skied in the Giant Slalom did not receive a ranking in the competition.
Madhya Pradesh Police recovered the laptop and mobile phones that were stolen.
Deputy Inspector General D K Arya said, "We have arrested five men who raped this Swiss woman and stole her mobile phone and laptop."
The names of the ones who did this work are Baba Kanjar, Bhutha Kanjar, Rampro Kanjar, Gaza Kanjar, and Vishnu Kanjar.
Police Superintendent Chandra Shekhar Solanki said that those men damaged court property when they appeared in court.
Even though three thieves were inside the house when the car crashed, none of them took the opportunity to steal anything.
However, the car's engine caused major damage to the head.
The wreckage from the crash happened to it, and they quickly took photos and emergency services removed the driver from the small Audi TT.
Previously, he/she was staying at James Paget Hospital in Great Yarmouth.
Then they sent him to Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge.
Adekoya appeared in Edinburgh Sheriff Court and they accused him of attempting to kill his child.
He is in custody and has been indicted in court, but one piece of eyewitness evidence is unusable for a conviction because their story has already been published in the news.
This person has travelled to all parts of the UK, but Scottish justice works differently and the courts have seen the publication of the photos as something that influences the thinking of some people and it is not true.
Professor Pamela Ferguson of the University of Dundee said that "journalists can put suspects in jeopardy if they publish photos and things like that of the suspects."
The Crown Office, which handles all 'prosecutions', told the journalists that there will be no further statements regarding the 'indictment' process.
Information about what they did has gone public, and it discusses the crosses that have appeared on the borders, which Palestine claims were the borders that existed before the 1967 Mideast War.
The other topics that this report discusses are the mountains of Jerusalem, which are considered a holy place for two countries, along with the cliffs of the Jordan Valley.
Israel wants it to be such that it has military forces stationed in the area for ten years, after they sign this agreement, and the PA wants to lose this kind of practice of using the military for only five years.
The 'shooters' involved in that 'supplementary pest control' test were experienced rangers, because this test monitored and determined its 'effectiveness'.
Under a partnership between NPWS and the Sporting Shooters Association of Australia (NSW) Inc, qualified volunteers are recruited to assist with the Sporting Shooters Association’s ‘hunting program’.
Acting Director of Parks Conservation and Heritage, Mick O'Flynn, along with the NSW National Parks and Wildlife Service, said that these four ‘shooters’ had received good instruction on site regarding safety and on site regarding training.
Martelly oversaw the swearing-in of a new member of the Provisional Electoral Council (CEP) yesterday.
This person is the fifth CEP member of Martelly who arrived four years ago.
After the election finished, a presidential commission made a recommendation that the former CEO should resign as a key position in the country is moving to new elections.
This commission is something Martelly did because of the anti-government protests that happened everywhere and started in October.
These protests have happened several times, crossing paths and causing trouble, and they started because there were no elections happening – some were supposed to happen in 2011.
Reports of around 60 iPods failing because they were overheating have come in, this happened six times in total and caused some of the devices to swell and resulted in 'minor burns'.
The Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) of Japan has stated that it was aware of 27 accidents that occurred because of this device.
After the week ended, METI announced that Apple had told them that the 34 additional cases of overheating were “not a big issue.”
This minister changed his mind when he saw Apple’s practice of not reporting issues honestly as “really not good.”
This earthquake happened near Mariana at 7:19 a.m. local time (9:19 p.m. GMT on Friday).
The Northern Marianas emergency management office says there is no threat coming into the country.
And so, the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said there is no sign suggesting a tsunami will come.
A Filipino man who used to work as a police officer allegedly helped some Hong Kong tourists when he drove them on a bus from Manila, that big city in the Philippines.
Rolando Mendoza fired his M16 rifle at the tourists.
They received news of some of their relatives who were being held, and six of those relatives died.
The six players who participated in the Olympics, who have children and elderly people with them, left them to go first, along with the Filipinos who know how to take photos with a camera.
The people who were taking photos with a camera took a picture of a large woman while she was going to the toilet. They shot Mendoza in the butt and he died.
Liggins followed his father and got a job at the hospital.
She received training to become an 'obstetrician' and began working at Auckland’s National Women's Hospital in 1959.
When she worked at Liggins Hospital, she started investigating cases of 'premature labour' during her time there.
Their research suggests that if they give a certain 'hormone', it can help the baby's 'foetal lungs' develop quickly.
Xinhua reported that during the search by government teams working to investigate, they found two 'black boxes' which record everything that happens inside the aircraft.
The other teams who know how to play wrestling felt sorry for their loss to Luna.
Tommy Dreamer said, "Luna is the number one Queen of Extreme. She is the number one manager for me. Luna carried us through two nights. This is a crazy thing and it's like her character. A strong woman."
Dustin “Goldust” Runnels said that “Luna would do all sorts of things to me… hurting me… loving me and missing (miss) me… I believe she’s in a better place now.”
Based on insights from over 1,400 people who shared their views before the 2010 election, this type of sentiment—wanting Australia to become a 'republic'—increased to 8 percent from the 2008 figures.
Caretaker Prime Minister Julia Gillard said during the 2010 election campaign that she believed Australia should become a 'republic' when Queen Elizabeth II is no longer head of state.
34 percent of the people involved in this 'poll' share the view that Queen Elizabeth II should be the last Queen of Australia.
On the extremes of this poll, 29 percent of those surveyed believe Australia should become a republic, while 31 percent believe Australia should not become a republic.
This man who won a gold medal will swim in the 100m and 200m freestyle and in three relays at the Commonwealth Games, but because of his fitness complaints, they don’t know if he will play.
He wasn't allowed to take the drugs that he needed to lower his pain because drugs are prohibited during the Games.
Curtis Cooper, a 'mathematician' and 'computer science professor' at the University of Central Missouri, discovered a large 'prime number' on January 25th.
Some people have been using various 'hardware' and 'software' since the beginning of February to see if this is correct and they reported it to Tunde.
I see that all 'comets' have brought a sample of something that formed the Earth along with other 'organic matter' that can form 'proteins' and support life.
The scientists want to clearly understand how the planets formed, and especially, they want to know how Earth formed, at a time when comets collided with Earth in the distant past.
Cuomo, who is 53 years old, immediately began working as governor of the state this year and signed a 'bill' into law that makes it legal for men to marry men and women to marry women.
He said about the talk in the media that "political mice and their habit of lying don't have good sense."
They thought she wanted to resist and become president in 2016.
NextGen is a system that the FAA says will allow balloons to fly on shorter routes and save millions of gallons of fuel each year and significantly reduce the carbon released into the air.
It uses 'satellite-based technology' and doesn’t use 'ground-radar-based technology' to help the 'air traffic controllers' make good decisions and give good information to all pilots.
There are no other ground transport options available, and the trains that used to run on the ground will stop at Wembley, and the place to park cars and use 'park-and-ride' will not be operating.
The lack of transport options makes it look like this game – they will likely play inside a venue with no support and won’t be able to go anywhere.
A study published in the journal *Science* provides information about a new species of fish found in the Galapagos Islands of Ecuador.
Researchers from Princeton University in the United States and Uppsala University in Sweden have published a report on a new ‘species’ that emerged within two generations, but they believe this process took a long time, having arisen due to ‘breeding’ specifically in the Darwin finch of this area, *Geospiza fortes*, and the cactus finch from a neighboring area, *Geospiza conirostris*.
They can mold it into all sorts of shapes, and they can roll it and make very small shapes.
They can fold it and make it into a small roll of wire, which they can coil and pass through. They can paint it with enamel or roll it and make the ‘sheets’.
They can make it hot and very small and attach it to other metals. Sometimes they can make it very hot and use it to burn the pictures they paint by hand and inside the books they call "illuminated manuscripts".
This is about measuring the pH of chemicals. You can make an 'indicator' with red cabbage juice.
The pH of a chemical indicates whether it is acidic or basic (alkaline).
The parent of Hydrogen (this H inside pH) 'ion' inside chemistry (chemical) is what they test to find the level of pH.
The “ions” of Hydrogen are the “protons” that have removed the “electrons” from them (because Hydrogen “atoms” have one “proton” and one “electron”).
Mix two cups of flour together, then with a clean and wet hand, squeeze them and make a ball.
This code you are holding will 'react' with the layers that are outside, which will send a signal and create a new type of cell.
The cities of Harappa and Mohenjo-daro had toilets that used water near every house, and these were connected to a different kind of 'sewage system'.
Those things from the past, the so-called 'sewage systems', they found them in the houses of the cities of the Minoans of Crete and Santorini in Greece.
I have seen ancient toilets in Egypt, Persia, and China. In the case of Rome, the toilets were like the restrooms of public bathhouses where men and women would go together.
When you send a new signal that travels thousands of miles, you use a satellite to do it.
This satellite in space received this call and sent it back down again, truly.
This satellite was launched into space by a rocket. Scientists use telescopes in space because the Earth's atmosphere blocks some of the light and affects how we see things.
They know how to use a giant 'rocket' whose length is 100 'feet' to put a 'telescope' into 'space'.
This wheel has changed the ground in many ways. A very important thing the wheel does for us is that it gives us what we call 'transportation' which allows us to move around much easier.
He gave us training, cars, and many other means of transportation.
The ancestors said that the animal called rabbit, which used to eat the ancestors’ bush food, changed into antelope and deer.
Recently, there have been many small cats (along with those we usually look after in the house) that like to eat small birds and things like insects, rats, frogs, and fish.
The secret of how things stay good is this thing they call a 'niche', a special job that one cat can do and it doesn’t compete with others.
Lions are cats that like to stay with other cats, and they live together in large groups that they call 'prides'.
They ('pride') always have someone go to the place of the three men, with things like small girls and children.
The women all come from one family, like a large family of sisters and their daughters.
The 'pride' of lions behaves like the 'pack' of wolves or dogs – these animals hunt lions (but not other large cats) together – and they also cause big trouble for other animals they prey on.
A very good athlete, although they may not boast much, can swim, climb large mountains, and lift things five times stronger than a normal man.
Tigers are in the same group (Genus Panthera) as lions, leopards, and jaguars. Only these four cats can roar.
The roar of the tiger was like the ‘full-voiced roar’ of a lion, but it sounded closer, like a human sentence released with the wind when he crosses and shouts.
Ocelots like to eat small animals. They catch monkeys, snakes, rats, and fish if they can. Almost all the animals that ocelots find, they tear into small pieces.
Scientists believe that ocelots follow and find other animals to eat (survive by eating) when they smell something, they get the scent from wherever they were previously on the ground.
They can see very well in the dark with 'night vision', and also, they move very silently. These 'ocelots' find food when they are hungry with things that are in the environment and jump on top of the animal they want to catch.
When a small group of animals (a small number) leaves a large population (population) and goes elsewhere (if they move upwards towards a mountain or a small stream, or if they move to a new island and find a way to return), they will appear to be living in a different environment that isn’t the same as before.
This new environment has all sorts of risks and competition, so this new population will need different ways to become stronger in the places where they used to live.
This other population is not stable, but they need to make changes to their environment like they did before.
After some time, this new population began to adapt and learn to live in their new environment, and they started to see small differences in other populations.
They come and go, and after a few thousand or million years, these two populations will look so different that others will no longer consider them the same 'species'.
We understand this process – 'speciation' – which means the formation of new 'species'. 'Speciation' is something we cannot reverse and it is an important part of 'evolution'.
Plants make the 'oxygen' that we humans breathe in, and they take in 'carbon dioxide' that we humans breathe out from our bodies (this happens when the air we breathe goes in and out).
Plants are able to make their own food when 'photosynthesis' happens. They are also able to give shade.
We build our houses from plants and we make our clothes from plants. Many of the foods we eat come from plants. If there were no plants, animals would not be able to survive.
The mosasaurs were the top marine animals of their time, with no other animal able to prey on them, meaning they weren’t afraid of anything. They only feared other mosasaurs.
Her house has more than 70 cats that run around like mice, along with another line of cats that stay on the roof of the house. This means whatever she’s up to, it won’t be good for anyone.
We don’t have any money, but it has strong teeth. It eats trouble, big fish, other dinosaurs, and it also eats people too.
It eats everything that goes inside its mouth; even a giant dinosaur like a T. rex wouldn’t be able to handle it.
Even though many of the foods of the Romans we know, the Romans had foods we don’t know about or used for big feasts, one was a prized peacock, one a snail, and one type of rat they called a ‘dormouse’.
Something else that is bad is like when people who don’t have much food quickly eat all their food when they sit down at the sea, and their stomachs really want to have big full bellies that they can rest on and eat from.
People from the past in Rome did not have food that came from America or Asia, and now they live in Europe for several hundred years after that.
For example, they don’t have corn, or tomatoes, or potatoes, or cocoa, and none of the other kinds of things from before that the Romans testified was a ‘turkey’.
The people of Babylon built a number one temple for one god, and because they did things like that, it was a house for that god.
People will bring offerings to the gods and the priests will try to satisfy the needs of the gods when they perform ceremonies and important religious gatherings.
Many temples have a place to sit outside and a place inside that only the priests are allowed to enter.
Sometimes the special towers that are shaped like 'pyramids', and they are called 'ziggurats', were built as the foundation for temples.
Inside this war, there is a special place where this god lives.
In the hot places of the Middle East, houses are important.
Many things from the lives of Hebrew families used to come out into the house.
The women used to cook food outside near the house; the stores were tables that were open and people would look and go to the road. They used to use stones to build houses.
We didn't have any big buses inside the land of Canaan, because the plan was too expensive.
I don't have many lines to share about Greenland. According to the stories of the Norwegian ancestors, they said that Erik the Red was banished from Iceland because he killed a man, and when he travelled west, he found Greenland and gave it that name.
Even though he found this place, the Eskimos had already been living here at that time.
Even though many countries are considered 'Scandinavian', they have many things in common – names of people, kings, customs and history – from Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Iceland.
If you’ve seen the movie National Treasure, you’ll think they wrote a ‘treasure map’ on the back of the Declaration of Independence paper.
However, this is not true. Even if it has something written on the back of a document, it is not a 'treasure map'.
They wrote these words on the back of the Declaration of Independence paper "Original Declaration of Independence dated 4th July 1776". These words are on the reverse side of the document, and they are 'upside down'.
When no one knew who wrote those words, they thought that, being new, this large ‘parchment’ document (said to be 29¾ inches and 24½ inches) they had rolled up could be kept in storage.
So, it looks like this kind of talk they wrote down afterwards, he can stay as a single 'label'.
The D-Day 'landings' and other fighting made the north of France become free, but the south hadn't become free yet.
The first group were the “Vichy” French they commanded. Those French people made ‘peace’ with the Germans in 1940 and worked with their laws, coming to take control of their country and they didn’t fight against them.
On August 15, 1940, the Allies launched a southern attack on France, and the operation was called "Operation Dragoon".
After just two weeks, the American and Free French soldiers made a jump across France and worked their way to Germany.
A 'civilization' is a culture where a large group of people who know how to live and work together, respecting each other, is a 'society'.
This word 'civilization' comes from a Latin word 'civilis', which means 'civil', and it’s related to another Latin word 'civis', meaning 'citizen', and 'civitas', meaning city or 'city-state', and these too talk about the idea of 'society'.
These 'city-states' are things that can form a country. Within a 'civilizational culture', these lines can give knowledge to some 'generations', a kind of 'footprint' of culture that remains and decays to give knowledge to others.
Often, small cultures are quick to lose their traditions and are unable to preserve historical evidence, and other people do not truly see them as 'civilized'.
During the time of the Revolutionary War, initially the small 'states' formed a 'central government' that was not strong—Congress was only one component—under the Articles of Confederation.
Congress does not have the power to enforce and receive taxes, and, because it did not have a 'national executive' or 'judiciary', it would use the 'state authorities', who often could not work with it, to make people follow its 'acts'.
And so, they do not have the authority to change the 'tax laws' and 'tariffs' specifically for the 'states'.
All ‘Articles’ need lines of communication with all ‘states’ before they can make sense, and the ‘states’ recognize the ‘central government’ as such, and the lines they establish are not easily broken.
Italy's national football team, together with Germany's national football team, were two very good teams throughout the tournament and they were champions of the FIFA World Cup in 2006.
The sports that many people know are football, basketball, volleyball, water-polo, fencing, rugby, cycling, ice hockey, roller hockey and F1 motor racing.
Winter sports are very popular in the northern regions, and Italians often participate inside international games and Olympic events.
Japan has 7,000 islands (its main island is Honshu), and this makes Japan the seventh largest island country in the world.
Because of the group of islands that Japan has, people understand Japan as, in the subject of 'geography', it is a "'archipelago'".
Taiwan’s history began in the 15th century when European sailors sighted it and recorded its name as Ilha Formosa, or Beautiful Island.
In 1624, the Dutch East India Company established a base in 'southwestern' Taiwan, initiating a cycle that would develop into a practice of employing Chinese laborers to work on its rice and sugar plantations.
In 1683, soldiers of the Qing dynasty (1644-1912) advanced and took the 'western' and 'northern' parts of Taiwan, declaring Taiwan to be a province of the Qing Empire in 1885.
In 1895, following its defeat in the First Sino-Japanese War (1894-1895), the Qing government signed the Treaty of Shimonoseki, in which it ceded Taiwan to Japan, who would administer the island until 1945.
Machu Picchu has three major structures, their names are Intihuatana, Temple of the Sun, and Room of the Three Windows.
Many of the buildings that are on the grounds of this structure were built to help tourists understand what this structure looked like in the past.
In 1976, the percentage of Machu Picchu that had been overgrown was reduced, and efforts to straighten the paths began to come back into use today.
For example, the 'still image photography' format, which many people are familiar with – it’s 35mm – is the number one size of 'film' following the time of 'analog film'.
They built it recently, but importantly, its 'aspect ratio' is like that of a 'digital camera image sensor' – it takes and uses that format.
Those 35mm films, you can line them up, they are 36mm wide and 24mm high.
The aspect ratio of this format is divided into twelve parts to get a small whole-number ratio, and they say that ratio is 3:2.
Many of the formats that people use (for example, APS family of formats) have a wide or nearly wide 'aspect ratio' like this one.
This “rule of thirds” we many times misuse and talk about it – it’s a kind of ‘guideline’ that helps create good photos and it’s used, and it has some other insights within a single picture.
He said that a good place for a subject is to stay still while getting their photo taken in a place where the lines are broken into three parts – vertically and horizontally (see example).
At that time, the Catholic Church had a lot of money and power, and they used it very well.
For over a thousand years, this Christian religion has united the countries of Europe, even though they still have many different languages and customs.
This great power of his brought confusion to all people, starting with the king and going down to the common people who have no name or number.
One of the major beliefs of Christians is that they must use their money and possessions to help those who are sick or suffering, or who have no money or food. They believe that God’s money is for doing this work.
Rome went to great lengths to oversee the work of the church for a thousand years, and a lot of power and money stayed in Rome. This caused many people working there to have two thoughts about whether or not they accepted this belief.
After the war started, Britain imposed a 'naval blockade' on Germany.
This plan of theirs is working well; they are cutting off the important supply to the military and the people, even though this 'blockade' is breaking international law and undermining agreements that have been in place for two centuries.
Britain placed mines in international waters to stop ships from entering a large section of the ocean, and this caused damage to ships of other countries that were not involved in the conflict.
Because they didn't have the means to counter this 'tactic', Germany thought something would come from their 'submarines'.
In the 1920s, the behavior of large numbers of citizens and countries was to become angry with each other and remain that way for a long time.
Countries observed the pens, heavy weapons, and cruel practices that arose during World War I, and countries wanted to prevent such things from happening again in the future.
In 1884, Tesla moved to the United States of America to work with the Edison Company in New York City.
It arrived from the US costing 4 cents, a poetry book, and a letter of recommendation came from Charles Batchelor (his manager from a previous job) to Thomas Edison.
Ancient China had a system for ordering different periods of time; each 'stage' of China or each family that held power was a 'dynasty'.
Well, actually, the period of many 'dynasties' had a time when the provinces were still young. One from those times, with many lines of history and it was the time of the Three Kingdoms which lasted for 60 years, named the Han and Jin Dynasties.
During those big fights, injuries often happened to many family members who had names and numbers and were injured on both sides of the fighting.
Three Kingdoms is a story from ancient Chinese history where many thousands of people died while fighting to establish dominance in the most important area, inside the 'grand palace' in Xi’an.
There are many things coming from 'society' and 'politics' like adopting the 'metric system', and a shift from 'absolutism' to 'republicanism', and the idea that 'nationalism' and belief in a country belong to the people and not just one man who is in charge of them.
And so, following the Revolution, workplaces were opened to all people, allowing those with dreams to work hard to do the good work they wanted to do.
This system is disadvantaging the military because now they don’t receive rank based on their family’s class, but rather rank based on their performance and what they are capable of doing.
The French Revolution inspired the thinking of many other 'working class' people in other countries to start their own 'revolutions' yet.
Muhammad had an interest in things that are greater than the things of this life. He would go to a cave of stone called “Hira’” on the Mountain of “Noor” (light) to stay and contemplate.
This stone building, which still stands, is said to show clear images of the beliefs of Muhammad.
It is located inside one of the mountains not near Mecca, this entire structure of stone is high above all parts of the ground.
Truly, he doesn't care about finding it or knowing if it's still there. When you stay inside this stone shell, you are completely separate from everything else.
You can't see anything but the clear sky, it looks nice and is high up, and many mountains surround it. You can't see or hear anything from this ground while you are inside this stone cave.
The Great Pyramid in Giza is one of the ‘seven wonders’ that still stands today.
The ancient Egyptians built it in the 'third century' BCE; the Great Pyramid is one of the largest pyramid structures they constructed as a tomb for a Pharaoh who had died.
On the Giza Plateau, or "Giza Necropolis" within Egypt’s Valley of the Dead, there are some pyramids (very big ones, especially the ‘great pyramid’), some small ‘tombs’, some temples, and the ‘great Sphinx’.
The Great Pyramid was built for Pharaoh Khufu, and many smaller pyramids, tombs, and temples were built for his wives and family members.
This “up bow” mark looks like a V and this “down bow mark” looks like a staple or a square with no filling inside it.
“Up” means you start with your fingers pointing upwards and pushing a bow, and “down” means you start with your fingers bent like a frog (that’s where you hold the bow) and then pull the bow.
A rising inflection tends to produce a softer sound, and a falling inflection produces a stronger sound with more force.
You should use your markers and pencil to do the work, but remember the 'bowing marks' they’ve already printed – where they are and how they’re positioned – and you must respect them.
On October 6, 1789, the market women made King Louis XVI, Queen Marie Antoinette and their two youngest children (Marie Therese, who was 11 years old, and Louis-Charles, who was 4 years old) and the King’s sister, Madam Elizabeth, return to Paris while they were staying at Versailles.
Inside a carriage, they travelled back to Paris when the important gentlemen disembarked and walked around and worked on signals and made all sorts of announcements about preparing for the King and Queen.
The young important people who were jealous and stayed, they rushed forward and forced the King and Queen to open the car windows and get out.
Once, a man inside the large lines of people approached and stole the hat of a 'royal guard' who they had killed at Versailles on behalf of the Queen, and it looked really bad.
The money that the U.S. brought when it wanted to colonize and take the Philippines, those Filipino people bought it.
They forced them to buy securities to go to the U.S. ‘colonial regime’ to give money for ‘expenditures’ and ‘interest’ on ‘bonds’ that they used under the name of the Philippine government inside the Wall Street banks.
It is true that the large amounts of money that come or are damaged by Filipino people, they will bring the money of the U.S. to send to other parts of the world.
To understand the good things about the Templars, we must understand the history that is behind what they did to create this group.
This period when things were developing is known as the High Middle Ages, this time inside the history of Europe in the 11th, 12th and 13th centuries (AD 1000–1300).
Before the High Middle Ages, there was the Early Middle Ages, and following it was the Late Middle Ages, this period ending around the year 1500.
“Technological determinism” is a concept with many different interpretations, ranging from the idea of ‘technology push’ or ‘technological imperative’ to the belief that human cultural practices follow the laws of science and are shaped by the technologies that result from those laws.
Many of the ideas surrounding the mining of ‘technological determinism’ have two main insights within them: one is that the development of technology follows an inevitable path and politics cannot change it, and the other is that technology brings “change” to communities because these practices and ideas people are born with, and technology doesn’t bring it.
For example, we can say that the car caused the accident and the people came and blocked the roads.
However, a road that goes to all parts of the country will waste money because it has few cars, and new roads for making cars will come and lower the price of cars.
When many people have accidents, many injuries happen on the roads, this will happen and others will bring new techniques inside healthcare to fix the damages to the body.
Romanticism contained a significant idea of 'cultural determinism' within it, this idea came from 'writers' such as Goethe, Fichte, and Schlegel.
In the time of Romanticism, places where people came to and were known to behave in a certain way, and following some time, the customs and cultures of the places where they lived began to emerge, and those things, showed what the behavior of the people of those places was like – it was good for those who received nothing from elsewhere and came to use them.
In that regard, Paris became the number one place for all kinds of clothing styles on this earth today, but Constantinople remained the number one city for various clothing styles during the 'middle ages' in Europe.
Many people know about it because it was a place of good lifestyle and it started around 400 A.D. and ended around 1100 A.D.
In the 'twelfth century', the value of goods decreased because the Crusaders returned and brought back new types of presents like silk and spices. The value of these things was higher than the value of the things that were available in the Byzantine markets.
At that time, they gave the name 'Fashion Capital' from the city of Constantinople to the city of Paris.
Gothic style became very popular during the time around the '10th - 11th century' and the '14th century'.
Originally, this dress followed the style of the Byzantine church era.
However, because the process of delivering speeches has become known to save time, the styles of worship will remain behind by 25 to 30 years.
The time when the Middle Ages of 'western' Europe ended, styles began to change with the years. One of the major developments that came about during this time, because of the 'crusades', was that people started using buttons instead of clasps.
Subsistence agriculture is farming where people do to provide food for their families.
Subsistence agriculture is a system that doesn’t use many things, doesn’t use chemicals, uses the land where people get food that grows in that area, and they combine these practices with the practice of ‘crop rotation’ or other similar techniques to make food production plentiful.
Previously, many farmers practiced 'subsistence agriculture' and this practice still exists in many developing countries.
These 'subcultures' tend to create their own rules and have different ways of thinking, and they feel like the standards of 'society' don’t apply to them, and when they connect with each other they develop their own 'identity'.
These 'subcultures' can really flourish around Christmas time, with people coming from other places, their level of involvement within the community, where they stay, and their 'gender'.
The things that these 'subcultures' do, the things they care about – places, beliefs, religion, politics, 'sexuality', locations, or things connected to these – they can speak to a place.
Members of a subculture can appear as if they belong to it when they use a particular style, such as the clothes they wear, the attitudes they have, and the way they speak.
One aspect of the methods that many cultures use, like 'socialization,' is important – they use the stories of children who have been 'socialized' because their parents weren’t attentive to them, bad things happened in their lives, or others harmed them while they were growing up.
These kinds of children are those who are called “feral” or wild children. Some “feral” children, often abandoned by their parents, are made to live only in houses; sometimes the parents aren’t bothered about these children because there’s something wrong with their heads or bodies.
The “feral” children are new, significant problems or “trauma” that came from before, and running away or being cared for isn’t helping them.
Other feral children, people say animals in the bush look after them; some people say they still live in the bush.
When the animals look after those young ones, those 'feral' young ones copy the behaviors (that we are capable of making) that are similar to the behaviors of the animals looking after them, like pretending or not knowing what to do when they are with other people.
Basically, 'project-based learning' helps things become more complete and develops interest, and 'scaffolding' helps even more with that.
'Scaffolding' isn’t just one way to learn something, it’s a support system that helps people with tasks when they’re learning something new, like using a new computer or starting a new project.
These 'scaffolds' can come from computers or through inside the classroom, another way of saying it is, one teacher is one 'scaffold', but the 'paperclip man' inside Microsoft Office is also a 'scaffold'.
The 'scaffolds' on the computer are the 'software' and their job is to ask questions, give instructions on what to do, and clearly explain the steps to make something, even something complex based on what they already know.
They often put their children into Foster Care because of various things, including the potential for 'neglect', it could escalate to 'abuse', and the practice of sending children away to do things for money.
There shouldn't be a child who has to stay in a bad environment for them, one that doesn’t care for them and doesn’t protect them, but they know how to live in environments like that anyway.
We see the Foster Care System as a safe place for those children.
Our Foster Care System is about providing safe places for children to stay, where they can be loved and cared for, and receive good health care.
Foster care is about giving children everything they didn’t have in the home they came from.
The internet connects people's ways of communicating with each other and with the ways people communicate in large groups.
These online behaviors often provide new information about how we can use the internet and enjoy it.
For example, “learning” and “socialization” are important motivations that make people want to use the internet (James et al., 1995).
“'Personal involvement'” and “'continuing relationship'” Eighmey and McCord (1998) observed were new things that changed how we use the internet when they studied people’s behaviour on websites.
The practice of using video recording allows experts to identify important things on a site during mining by looking at 'micro-expressions', those brief movements of the face that can reveal insights in a matter of 'milliseconds'.
Big birds, they say that we can find out if someone is lying when we detect subtle facial expressions clearly on their face.
Oliver Sacks, in his paper *The President's Speech*, showed how people cannot clearly understand speech due to some damage occurring in their brains, but they understand clearly if the person is telling the truth.
He said that those kinds of human knowledge about observing mining practices—those people and animals too—have types like dogs that we know to look after in the house.
The research that came from the 'Twentieth century' showed that there were two 'pools' of 'genetic variation': one was hot and one was in a clear place.
Mutation causes new genetic variation to arise, and selection removes it from the pool of expressed variation.
Segregation and recombination cause this variation to appear differently in two populations within a single generation.
In the savanna, it refers to a primate that has a digestive system capable of helping to obtain amino acids from plants that are present there.
And more than that, if they are unable to do these big things, things like 'growth depression', 'malnutrition', and truly, they will die.
This plant has proteins inside its leaves and stems, but it's harmful to the stomachs of primates like us – we need to break it down and cook it first.
Another thing, the food animals eat (like ants, termites, and grubs) – they are easy to catch, and they give a big boost of ‘protein’ which contains all the ‘amino acids’ the body needs.
When we remove everything, we shouldn’t get sick if our ancestors straightened out the ‘protein’ problems of others, the way chimpanzees in the savanna do today.
Sleep interruption is the act of briefly waking from sleep and returning to sleep a short time later (10–60 minutes).
This means you can use a 'quiet alarm clock' to wake you up gently and without startling you.
If you see that you've made a 'reset' mistake on the clock while filling out your form, you can put it on another site of the room, that will make you quickly return to bed to turn it off.
Another option for 'biorhythm-based' is that you drink lots of water (like water or tea, a 'diuretic') before you sleep, this will make you sweat and pee.
The mind of a fool is inside a person who has connections, but it is the opposite of the heart that is inside the body and the spirit of a person.
When things are difficult, there will be more positive forces in life. Everyone has the strength to find true peace and happiness.
Everyone can receive 'enlightenment'. The only thing that stops us from truly understanding this is thinking it’s difficult and our own 'negativity'.
Tibetan Buddhism follows the teachings of the Buddha, but they’ve developed it further with the ‘Mahayana path of love’ and also with many techniques from Indian Yoga.
Her insights, as far as her thinking goes, are truly rooted in Tibetan Buddhism. She has Kundalini Yoga, ‘meditation’ and the roots of ‘all-embracing love’.
With Kundalini Yoga, this Kundalini energy ('enlightenment energy') is awakened inside through 'yoga postures', exercises to strengthen the body, 'mantras' and 'visualizations'.
The most important thing within 'Tibetan meditation' is Deity Yoga. Through the visualization of various gods, the root sources of energy are cleansed, the 'chakras' are activated, and enlightenment of the mind arises.
Germany was like the enemy of many countries in World War 2, and this caused war to come to both the USSR and the USA. When the war finished, damage came to systems, processes, and cultures, and this made the countries unable to work together.
Following two years after the end of the war, the lines that had been working together became like allies and the Cold War began.
This war will last 40 years and will truly spread, involving the military who are taking countries, from places of conflict in Africa to Asia, to Afghanistan, Cuba and many other places.
On September 17, 1939, the Polish defenses collapsed, and the only thing to do was to retreat and establish a 'bridgehead' in Romania.
However, these plans involved the entry of more than 800,000 soldiers of the Red Army of the Soviet Union, establishing a 'front' in Belarus and a 'front' in Ukraine following their entry, and occupying the 'eastern regions' of Poland. This action violated the Riga Peace Treaty, the Soviet-Polish Non-Aggression Pact, and other international agreements that existed between the two countries, and also impacted many other countries.
The ability to use ships to move things is the most important thing for moving large numbers of goods or people across the sea.
The navy's job is to watch to see if your country is moving cargo and people, and also, to stop ships from moving cargo and its people.
A good example of this was the relatively short campaign by the North Atlantic during WWII. The Americans worked hard to escort convoys and sailors across the Atlantic Ocean to help the British.
During wartime, the German navy used U-boats and worked in secret to stop the ships from coming.
If the Allies hadn't done what they did, Germany would have dominated and taken Britain like it had taken all the other countries of Europe.
Men began to look after/care for women in times like 10,000 years ago in the Zagros Mountains of Iran.
Old cults and tribes used to look after each other to get milk, grass, meat and skins from them.
The women whom the men watch over, they put them into groups that move around the small mountains or other places for food; often 'goatherds' watch over them, and these are the grown children of big men whom they call 'shepherds'. These practices of watching over the women, they still work and are used today.
The wagonways were built in England a long time ago, in the 16th Century.
Even though the 'wagonways' were planned to be very close together on the route, they built hospitals to pull them along further and pull large cargo along the routes that weren’t so rough anymore, near the edges of the routes that were usually found in this area.
They used those 'cross ties' to lay these 'tracks' in one place. Later, now, they realized that these 'tracks' would work better if they had a rail on top of them.
This behavior is common for many animals, but it causes 'wear' on the wheels of the 'wagons'.
Later, they replaced wooden wheels with iron wheels. In 1767, they made the first 'full-iron rails'.
The first 'transportation' method was walking, people started walking on two legs roughly two million years ago and continued until *Homo Erectus* ('upright man') evolved.
Other monkeys were around first, the Australopithecus didn't always walk on two legs all the time.
The way they moved on two legs is what the fossils of Australopithecus, who lived 4.2-3.9 million years ago, showed, but Sahelanthropus walked on two legs around seven million years ago.
We can start by living well with the environment, we can join an 'environmental movement', and we can become 'activists' to reduce the heavy impact that could come in the future.
Often this is referred to as 'symptomatic treatment'. However, if we don’t want a temporary answer, alright we must find the root of the problem, and we must stop them.
It seems like the earth is getting truly hotter because of new scientific and technological advancements, and problems are becoming bigger because of the increasing human population and people’s lifestyles involving many large things.
Following Congress, they received this paper on July 4th, a copy that was handwritten and signed by the President of Congress, John Hancock, and Secretary Charles Thomson, and they sent it to a printing shop owned by John Dunlop nearby.
They used to make between 150 and 200 copies at a time, and now they’re calling them “Dunlap broadsides”.
The first time they published this document publicly, it was John Nixon who read it out loud outside Independence Hall on July 8th.
One of them was sent to George Washington on July 6, and it returned with his soldiers to New York on July 9. A copy came to London on August 10.
25 Dunlop tyres are still there and they are the original copies of this document. This number one document that they wrote by hand is damaged.
Many of the 'paleontologists' today believe that one group of dinosaurs is still alive today. We call them fish.
Many people don't think dinosaurs are like birds because they have 'feathers' and can fly.
However, the fish have many things to look at, like dinosaurs of yesterday.
They have legs with 'scales' and 'claws', they lay eggs, and they walk around on two legs like a T-Rex.
Essentially, all computers that people use today are able to send information, and this information is stored in the 'code' of 'binary numbers'.
A 'binary number' can have two values, which are 0 or 1, and those numbers are known as 'binary digits' – or 'bits' in computer language.
Internal poisoning isn't easy to detect quickly. The signs, like vomiting, are major signs, but often others aren’t able to make a proper diagnosis quickly.
The main things that appear like 'internal poisoning' come from an opened medicine container or a 'toxic chemical' in the house and are present.
Put a 'label' on the first aid instructions for the difficult place.
This term 'bug' is used by entomologists (entomologists) when talking about this group of animals.
This phrase means he got mining [information/rights] from Bed-bugs, those creatures that feed on people.
Assassin bugs and bed bugs are 'ridiculous', they like to stay in places where they breed or on something that provides them with food.
In the United States of America, there are approximately 400,000 cases of Multiple Sclerosis (MS), making it the most common neurological disease among young adults.
MS is a disease that affects the central nervous system; this system includes the brain, spinal cord, and optic nerve.
Research has shown that the risk for women to contract MS is twice as high as for men.
A marriage can make decisions that are not good for them, not good for their children, if they have a baby.
These kinds of situations can lead to decisions about placing their children for 'adoption'.
Following an adoption, the parents who brought this child will relinquish their parental rights, and another married couple can care for the child.
The core of science is about finding out how things work on this earth when people use the 'scientific method'. This method supports a lot of 'scientific research'.
It wasn’t established yet, ‘experimentation’, and one ‘experiment’ is a ‘test’ that people use to remove one or more of the ideas they’ve come up with, the practice of asking questions, and doing study too can give direction to ‘scientific research’.
People study 'nature' and 'philosophy' looks at 'classical texts', like the Bible in Latin.
The things that people talked about being okay with him are Aristotle’s ideas about science, together with psychology.
When the Greek civilization declined, the West lost the Greek ideas in science and philosophy.
Many researchers have observed rhythms originating from the bodies and behaviours of animals and people, and they understand the cycles of things outside the body and the body’s biological clocks.
These 'periodic rhythms', they don’t happen just because of things outside, this is what research and observation have shown – they happen in many living things, together with 'bacteria', 'fungi', plants and animals.
These ‘biological clocks’ are things that maintain age and create ‘electric currents’ and they continue to run even if external things that could stop them aren’t present.
The Hershey and Chase experiment was one of the things that showed that DNA is a 'genetic material'.
Hershey and Chase used ‘phages’, or viruses, to put the DNA of those organisms inside a bacterium.
They did two 'experiments' where two marked DNA inside 'phages' with one 'radioactive phosphorus' or two marked 'phage proteins' with 'radioactive sulfur'.
These 'mutations' can cause different things and they happen because of what kind of 'mutation', importantly affecting the work of this 'genetic material', and if these 'cells' are 'germ-line cells'.
Only mutations that occur within germ-line cells can be passed on to offspring, while mutations that occur elsewhere can cause cell death or cancer.
Nature-based tourism involves attracting people who are interested in seeing natural areas and enjoying the places, plants and animals of that area.
For example, the on-site activities involved finding fish, taking photos, observing the fish, and walking around the parks to study information about the ecosystem.
For example, go around, take photos, and learn about the 'orangutans' when you go to Borneo.
Everyone migrates. People move from small countries to towns when they get jobs in cars to go to the places where they work, and they often mistreat the other lines [cultures/communities] where their workplaces are now located, but they return [home].
Inside that 'transport shuttle' everyone is connected together, and they support a 'transport system' that 'private cars' create.
Now science is showing that this developing 'carbon economy' is removing the 'biosphere' from a 'stable state' that has supported humanity for two million years and continues to do so.
Everyone lives within society and uses the 'transportation system'. Almost everyone complains about the 'transportation system'.
In developed countries, you won’t be able to hear a single complaint about the quality of the broken glass they throw away.
What is causing these kinds of complaints with the 'transportation system', and why isn’t it working well everywhere? Are the 'transportation engineers' unable to do their job? Or is there something bigger at play here?
Traffic flow is the study of the movement of many drivers and vehicles between two points and what things they usually do with each other.
However, the study of 'traffic flow' is difficult because driver behavior is such that it's impossible to say with 100 percent certainty what will happen.
However, drivers need to behave in a way that is ‘consistent’, so that ‘traffic’ also has some ‘consistency’ with them, and this is how experts can associate it with ‘mathematics’ numbers.
To improve 'traffic flow', regulations must focus on three key things: (1) 'flow', (2) 'density', and (3) 'velocity'.
Those references are helpful for doing 'planning', 'design', and 'operation' of 'roadway facilities'.
Insects are the number one animal for living in the wind. This habit of theirs of flying helps them to avoid their enemies and find food and mates easily.
Many insects can fold their wings close to their bodies, and this is a good thing.
This creates a habitat and provides many small places to hide for the animals that like to eat them.
Today, the insects that can’t fold their wings are called ‘dragonflies’ and ‘mayflies’.
About two thousand years ago, a man named Aristarchus said that the Solar System revolves around the Sun.
Some people think he is telling the truth, but many people believe the opposite; they believe the Solar System moves around the Earth, with the Sun (and other stars too).
This looks like it’s straight, because we don’t realize the Earth is moving, right?
The Amazon River is the second longest river and the largest river on Earth. It carries water that is 8 times more than the second largest river.
And so, the Amazon is the number one river whose length is truly the greatest on Earth, and the width of its waters is six miles.
20 percent of the water that evaporates from the world’s waters evaporates to the Amazon.
The Amazon River is 6,387 km (3,980 miles) long. It collects water from many thousands of small streams.
Even though the techniques for 'pyramid-building' with stone continued into the end of the Old Kingdom, they didn’t improve the methods and the skills of other people were used to build the pyramids of Giza.
The ancient Egyptians of the New Kingdom believed these buildings of their ancestors were actual dwellings for the dead, and by this time, these 'pyramids' were already thousands of years old.
The population of Vatican City is around 800 people. This makes it the smallest country in the world and a country with the smallest population.
Vatican City uses the Italian language internally and for making its 'official communications'.
The Italian language and the others were used inside the state, they used it to communicate with all the people, and they used Latin to perform religious ceremonies.
All citizens of Vatican City are Roman Catholic.
People knew about large chemical elements like gold, silver, and copper a long time ago, because they found them existing in the environment in their ‘native form’ and it was easy to find them with the tools they had back then.
Aristotle, a philosopher, believed that all things are made from a mixture of one or more of four elements: earth, water, wind, and fire.
This thing changes like the four 'states of matter' (and it follows other changes too): solid, water, gas, and 'plasma', it also says that they sense and create new things to make the things that we see.
Alloys are things that have two or more metals inside them. Don't think of them as having many elements inside the periodic table.
Elements like 'calcium' and 'potassium' are often seen as metals. There are other metals too, like silver and gold.
You might have alloys that contain small amounts of non-metallic elements like 'carbon' within them.
Everything inside the Universe is made of 'matter'. All 'matter' contains small things inside it that we call 'atoms'.
Atoms are very, very small, and trillions of them would fit inside the period at the end of a sentence.
So, the pencil was a good friend to many people when it was invented.
However, when new ways to write come about, the pencil takes a lower position and isn't used much anymore.
Now people can read information on computer screens, and they don’t come close to a sharpener.
We can think about what things might appear on the keyboard when something new comes up.
A fission bomb works by taking energy and combining a 'nucleus' with many 'protons' and 'neutrons'.
Like a small worm, you work to push a heavy thing up a small mountain. The process of 'splitting the nucleus' generally releases some of that energy.
Some atoms have unstable nuclei and this means they break down randomly, whether you touch them or not.
The surface of the Moon is made of rocks and dust. The 'outer layer' of the Moon is called the 'crust'.
The Earth's crust is about 70 km thick under the continents and about 100 km thick under the oceans.
It’s thinner more inland towards the coast and thicker more inland towards the highlands.
I see that there will be more 'maria' on the site because the 'crust' is getting 'thinner'. It's easier for the 'lava' to come up from underneath.
Content theories attempt to find out what things can change people’s feelings or move their beliefs and thoughts.
Those theories say that people have some things they need and want that are inside them from the time they grow up.
These 'theories' try to understand why people do the things they like to do, and what inside the environment (environment) will make them act – either to do something or not do something.
We discussed two 'content theories' – many people know about them: Maslow’s Hierarchy of Needs Theory and Hertzberg’s Two-Factor Theory.
If we remove all things, two approaches will emerge when managers start to move to their respective online accounts – one side will want to remain like “one of the managers in the group” (women in the group).
This type of manager knows how to create conflict to make decisions that others don’t like, reveal secrets to others to cause problems, monitor worker performance, give work to workers, and unfairly blame workers for mistakes.
On another occasion, a manager sent someone to go and act like a person whom others readily recognize and make them understand that they must change everything that time has worked to create and make all things strong for the future.
Depending on everything, it’s my job as a leader to make sure things go well or don’t go well.
This attitude of making hard work become a tradition for leaders and teams.
Teams that know how to work with computers can have various skills to do good work, like teams that know how to work in an office, but there are some small things that are different.
People who know how to work with computers work like men or women who manage groups that work together in an office.
They can do something like coordinate with other teams during times when they work inside the office while others are working with other team members during good times in different 'time zones', and that’s why the local managers can’t clear it.
A new “'invisible team'” (Larson and LaFasto, 1989, p109) is a mysterious thing that exists inside the times when people work with computers.
This “invisible team” is a ‘management team’ where each member reports to it. This ‘invisible team’ can make decisions regarding each member’s performance.
Why does an organization want to do work that takes a lot of time? That work is about establishing an organization that can retain knowledge. One of the ideas about doing 'organizational learning' that comes into an organization is the practice of 'innovation'.
When departments within an organization use all resources well, 'creativity' and 'ingenuity' can emerge.
Because of this, a process within an organisation working with and reducing a significant issue can lead to new and different processes to meet customer needs.
Before an organization can have new and different ways of doing things, leaders must embrace a culture of sharing knowledge and learning together.
Angel (2006) clearly stated in the Continuum approach that it is a method used to help organizations improve and reach higher levels of performance.
Neurobiological information provides evidence for a theoretical approach to the investigation of cognition. As a result, the area of research is becoming smaller and making it more precise.
Research relating to 'brain pathology' and the way it supports the insights of scientists into their research.
They know that over time, various problems can develop in the brain – things like 'trauma', 'lesions', and 'tumours' – and these can cause changes and difficulties with thinking.
These new technologies that have arrived are helping us to see and investigate the structures and processes of the brain that we haven’t been able to see before.
This person knows how to give us new information and materials to improve the ‘simulation models’ that can help us understand the processes that influence our thinking.
Even though AI makes things people thought were 'science fiction' possible, AI has become an important area inside 'computer science', it can do work automatically, learn things, and make sense inside a machine.
Research into AI is my work to make machines do the tasks that usually happen all the time and need the knowledge of a person to make decisions.
For example, controlling something, owning something for a long time, knowing the answers to customs questions, and recognizing handwriting, voice and face.
This type of thing has one area of study for youth, and it looks at the roots to give answers to the problems that come up in all places.
Now people are using this AI system within the fields of 'economics', 'medicine', 'engineering' and 'military', and they have used it to build some home computers and 'video game software applications'.
These 'field trips' are very important for the classes. Often, students really want to take some of their belongings to places they can’t usually reach by bus and go.
Technology provides answers similar to a field trip that comes from the computer. Everything can be seen – museum artifacts, an aquarium, and beautiful art – while sitting inside the classroom.
The process of doing a 'field trip' on the computer is a good way to think about things and show what students have learned in previous classes.
For example, for many years the students at Bennet School in North Carolina designed a website around their trip to the State Capital, and a year later that website got a new style, but the old 'versions' remained online as a kind of 'scrapbook'.
Blogs can help people improve their writing. Often, people start blogs with poor grammar and spelling, but over time, as people read and comment on their writing, they improve more and more.
Because everyone knows that people talk a lot when something isn’t right, this thing – the blog they are writing – will start to write well, ignoring the talk that says it isn’t writing well.
And so, 'blogging' helps to spread information and knowledge about things that are happening within the communities where people live. This need to improve the needs of others to write their blogs and things become more known and 'interesting' (Toto, 2004).
'Blogging' is a tool that helps people work together, and it strengthens things by sharing what people learn to the outside world, more than just what they learn inside the classroom.
Using blogs effectively and critically involves being able to evaluate information, discern what is reliable and what is not, and understand what constitutes good and bad practice; when working with materials on the Internet, it involves understanding how they are made and when to question information that others have written, as well as being able to offer opinions on how things work (Oravec, 2002).
Ottawa is the capital of Canada where lawyers often use two languages and it has art galleries and museums that show history from before and today in Canada.
We went to the south to Niagara Falls and to the north to Musoka, beautiful places with many other places to stay.
People from outside are saying that all of these things and some more are making Ontario seem like it is the real heart of Canada.
Big areas in the past did not have many people, and some places had no people at all.
One thing about shifting inside populations that causes many problems: there are more African Americans living in the US than the total number of citizens of Canada.
Eastern African Islanders live in the Indian Ocean, off the eastern coast of Africa.
Madagascar is a very large place, and it's like a continent of its own, when you look at its wildlife.
Many of the small islands are either independent countries, or they remain as dependencies of France, and they exist as 'luxury beach resorts'.
And so, the Arabs brought Islam to these places, and it became a major religion within Comoros and Mayotte.
The actions and thoughts of others in Europe, known as 'colonialism', began in the '15th century' when the Portuguese explorer Vasco de Gama discovered the Cape Route while in Europe and travelled to India.
It goes north and then to the Sahel region, and then back and forth across the western Atlantic Ocean.
The women: It’s good for them to act like married women who have gone to the marriage place, even if they aren’t truly married.
It's good to bring a ring (but don't bring a ring that looks expensive).
Women need to be aware of how other people’s cultures can act, and that things they consider harassment can happen, and many times lies can affect you, hold you back, and things like that.
You must be strong and not talk to men, don't pretend to be strong and talkative (that's the way of this place, it's not right for them to act like that!).
The city of Casablanca was originally founded by Berber people who discovered phosphate deposits there as early as the '10th century' BCE, and was later used as an important port by the Phoenicians, Romans, and Merenids, who called it Anfa.
The Portuguese destroyed it and built another one near the name Casa Branca, but they abandoned that place later following an earthquake that happened in 1755.
The “sultans” of Morocco knew that city as Daru l-Badya, and the traders from Spain called it Casablanca when they established their trading centers there.
The inside of all the shops in Casablanca is like one of those places where it's difficult to buy things.
In the old Medina, it is easy to find places that sell things from Morocco, like 'tagine', 'pottery', 'leather goods', 'hookahs', and all sorts of 'geegaws', but all these things are for tourists to buy.
Goma is a city that tourists like to visit, located in the Democratic Republic of Congo, and is the closest city to the country of Rwanda.
In 2002, a large lava flow from the Nyiragongo volcano damaged Goma and caused the deaths of many people that year, and this event became very significant in the history of the town.
Even though Goma is relatively safe, tourists who go to see places outside of Goma must be careful and well-informed about the types of payments that are used in the North Kivu province.
This site is a place to stay and claim Nyiragongo volcano along with the gorilla trekking routes. The price of those gorilla trekking routes is now higher than other insights in Africa.
You can use a motorcycle taxi (boda-boda) to get around inside Goma. The local price for a short trip is around 500 Congolese Francs.
Another thing too is like this, "Timbuktu" is far to get to and people use this name as a figure of speech for things that are of a different kind, that are in faraway places.
Today, Timbuktu is a town that doesn’t have much, even though it has a good name that attracts tourists, and it has an airport.
In 1990, they put it on the list of ‘world heritage sites’ that are in poor condition, because of the damage that came to its natural features in the desert.
It was a place where the PBS program *Wonders of the African World* with Henry Louis Gates made a major stop and explored it.
This city is a different type from all the other cities in the country, because it looks more like a place in the Arab world and not like a place in Africa.
Kruger National Park (KNP) is located in the north-east of South Africa and borders Mozambique to the east, Zimbabwe to the north, and the Crocodile River forms its southern boundary.
This park covers 19,500 km² and is broken up into 14 'ecozones', many of which support diverse 'wildlife'.
It is one of the big things that takes tourists to South Africa and they see it as an important thing inside South African National Parks (SANParks).
Like all South African National Parks, there is 'conservation' and an 'entry fee' for each day in those parks.
It’s good for one to buy a Wild Card, which allows them to speak easily about going inside the parks inside South Africa or all South African National Parks.
Hong Kong Island gives its name to the territory of Hong Kong and is a place many tourists like to visit.
The lines of the building that obscured the Hong Kong skyline were said to resemble a 'bar chart' and the lines represented the colours of the Victoria Harbour.
To get a good view of Hong Kong, leave the island and go to the Kowloon side by ferry.
The large number of developments on Hong Kong Island has increased rapidly and is now on top of the land they reclaimed.
This place is where the British 'colonisers' took it as their own, and if you want to see things that show the signs of the 'colonisers' from before, this is a good place to start.
The Sundarbans are the largest mangrove forest in the world, with a width of 80 km (50 mi) extending inland in Bangladesh and further north into India.
They said that the Sundarbans is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. This large forest is located within the territory of India, which they call Sundarbans National Park.
Those large buses, they don’t bother with small places – they have some of the relics of the great buses that used to travel the Gangetic plain.
The Sundarbans cover an area of 3,850 km², and one-third of it is land/settled areas.
In 1966, the Sundarbans was a habitat for animals, and it was estimated to have 400 Royal Bengal tigers and around 30,000 'spotted deer' in that area.
The buses regularly leave the 'inter-district bus station' (where we are staying at a different site) at that time, even though there are many, for those going to Is and Jakar/Bumthang buses leave the station usually between 06:30 and 07:30.
Because the ‘inter-district’ buses are often crowded, it’s good to buy a ticket a few days before the time you want to catch the bus.
Many districts have a lot of Japanese Coaster buses running around, so you should behave yourself.
The taxi fare with another passenger is a good way to sit comfortably and go to nearby places, like Paro (Nu 150) and Punakha (Nu 200).
The Oyapock River Bridge is a cable-stayed bridge. It is located on the Oyapock River and connects the cities of Oiapoque in Brazil and Saint-Georges de l'Oyapock in French Guiana.
Two teams competed on an 83-meter track, the length for both of them was 378 meters, and they had four lanes which were open like 3.50 meters wide.
The vertical clearance under the bridge is 15 meters. Construction was completed in August 2011, but it didn’t open to allow cars through until March 2017.
This news item made time for it to appear on September 2017, when they finished the Brazil 'customs checkpoints'.
The Guarani people are important inhabitants of the area now known as Eastern Paraguay, and they travel around and also raise livestock, and they know how to plant food in gardens.
Chaco region has other groups of people like the Guaycurú and Payaguá, who know how to hunt animals, fish and gather food they find in the forest.
In 16th-century Paraguay, it was called "The Giant Province of the Indies", a name that came about when Spanish conquistadors came and took over the lands.
The people from Spain started to send this thing at the beginning of the three 'centuries'. (Note: 'century' is likely used to mean a long time/era, as direct reference to centuries is unusual in this context in Tok Pisin. The single quotes around 'century' indicate it's being used in a slightly non-standard way.)
Since a long time ago when they founded Asunción in 1537, Paraguay has retained many of the customs and cultural aspects of its various groups that still exist today.
Many people know about Argentina as having one of the best 'polo teams' and 'polo players' in all parts of the world.
The big tournaments of the year usually happen in December on the 'polo fields' in Las Cañitas.
Small tournaments and games will likely be shown here twice a year, four times a year.
For news about the tournaments and how to buy tickets for the polo games, contact the Argentine Polo Association.
The currency of the Falkland Islands is the Falkland pound (FKP) which is valued the same as one British pound (GBP).
You can exchange money at a bank, but inside this island it is located at Stanley, next to the other side of the FIC West store.
You can use British pounds in all parts of the island and inside Stanley credit cards, and you can also use United States dollars.
On the islands, people cannot use credit cards, even though they can get British and American currency; instead, parents teach their children how to save money to buy things.
It is close to everyone’s hearts to change the currency of the Falkland Islands to something from the islands themselves, so you must exchange your money before you leave this island.
Because Montevideo is south of the Equator, it has summer at the same time as winter in the Northern Hemisphere, and then it gets cold.
Montevideo is located within the 'subtropics'; during the summer months, its temperature often stays above +30°C.
During winter, the weather can get really cold: temperatures don't seem to drop enough for ice to form, but the wind and the moisture in the wind cause places to feel colder than what a thermometer reads.
I don't have a childhood and an adulthood: a mother's love always stays close, throughout all the years.
Even though many of the animals inside the park are used to seeing people, these are wild animals and other people shouldn't feed or disturb them.
The park authorities say that people must stay 100 yards/meters or more away from the bears and wolves, and 25 yards/meters away from other wild animals!
Even though they look like they are still, bison, elk, moose, bears, and almost all large animals can be dangerous.
For many years, many tourists have caused damage to wildlife because they don’t behave properly. These animals are large and strong, and can cause trouble, like attacking and giving them stress.
And so, be careful of smells that attract bees and other animals, so you don't carry or cook food with a strong smell and cause chemicals to remain [behind/present/in the area].
Apia is the capital of Samoa. This town is located on the island of Upolu and has a population of around 40,000.
Apia and the others were established there in the 1850s, and it became the capital of Samoa, officially from 1959 until now.
This harbor is a place where a major fight happened in 1889 when seven ships from Germany, the US, and Britain came close to losing the harbor.
All the ships were sunk, but one British cruiser did not sink. Nearly 200 American and German lives were lost.
During the preparations for independence organised by the Mau movement, a major event occurred in town with the death of the paramount chief, Tupua Tamasese Lealofi III.
I have many friends, because Auckland has two bases located close to each other. Many overseas friends like to visit and stay in the wider area.
The people who live in North Shores (in the North Harbour district) live along the Pacific Ocean and start from Long Bay on the north side and go to Davenport on the south side.
Close to all of the relatives, it is safe to swim, and many of them have good shade from the pohutukawa trees on the beach.
The properties on Tamaki Drive are located on Waitemata Harbour, in the 'upmarket' communities of Mission Bay and St Heliers in central Auckland.
These good reefs are known to protect families and are known to have good fish living close to the reefs. It is safe to swim around these reefs.
The best local beer is called 'Number One', it’s not a fancy beer, but it’s nice and makes people feel good. Another local beer is called "Manta".
I have a lot of French wine to drink, but the wines from New Zealand and Australia are easier to get.
Local people are careful when drinking at the bar, but it's easy to find bottles of alcohol if you want to drink at the bar.
'Flat white' coffee is a popular thing in many parts of Australia. A 'short black' is a 'espresso', a 'cappuccino' which comes with cream (not 'froth'), and they don’t know how to make tea that has milk inside it.
The best hot chocolates are in the shops of Belgium. He is a big fan of fruit juices, but they are the best.
They frequently travel to the reefs at all times within a year, and damage comes to the bodies of these kinds of things, and this often happens repeatedly.
However, get information from the authorities, follow all procedures, and respect and carefully follow their advice.
Box jellyfish are known to appear at all times of the year in the waters and around the mouths of rivers from October to April in the area around 1770. Sometimes they can appear outside of these times.
The pigs are there, but they don't eat people. Many of the pigs attack people and can swim far away.
Saltwater crocodiles don’t always stay in the sea; their main habitat is in the rivers that are near, but not in, Rockhampton.
The way to deal with specials before the traveler goes to that place will make people feel comfortable as if they will have some time to rest when they arrive.
Often travel agents work with many hotels, you’ll find you can use a local agent to make arrangements for staying in or near a place, like camping grounds.
The travel agents offer packages that include breakfast, airport pickup, and either a discount on airfare or hotel prices.
They can make a 'reservation' for you if you need time to think about the 'offer' or to get other documents to go to that place (for example, a 'visa').
Some requests or conditions you must tell the 'travel agent' beforehand and it won't be good to sort it out at the hotel.
In the early days, large numbers of people would come to this place to play music and make a scene, and many of them considered this an important part of the experience.
If you want to be close to things and see you will need to hurry and find a place near the music.
Even though the main music at the big bird events has finished, there are some bird sections that will continue playing music late into the night.
Some big companies have special areas for families where they can bring their young children to play.
If they use the Northern Baltic route in winter, follow the cabin's lights, because when it gets dark on the ice, it becomes a very loud noise in the places where the ice is breaking.
Those on the 'cruise' going to Saint Petersburg will have time to explore the city. Cruise passengers do not need to apply for a visa (see terms and conditions).
Casinos make a lot of profit by using the time and money that guests come and spend. They have no windows or clocks, and the doors to go outside are intentionally hard to find.
They know how to have special food, drinks, and activities for celebrations, to make the 'guests' enjoy themselves, and to keep them inside the venue.
Some places are known for giving people drinks that contain 'alcohol' in them. However, when a person speaks, they are unable to think clearly, and all good people who 'gamble' understand that it is important for their thinking to remain sound.
Anyone driving to a place that is high up or in the mountains must consider that there might be snow, ice, or very cold temperatures.
When the roads have snow or ice, the friction isn’t strong and you can’t drive like you normally drive on a dry, paved road.
During a blizzard, the snow can make you fall easily, but only for a short time.
So, you shouldn’t drive when the snow is falling or when the wind is making things foggy or creating ice on the car windows.
Regarding other aspects of this thing, the conditions of ice and snow are normal in many countries, and cars are able to drive well on all roads throughout the year.
The safari companies are the best things that can take tourists to Africa and they are a big thing for many visitors.
This term 'safari' is widely used to refer to travel on land to observe the various animals of Africa, many of which are animals of the 'savanna'.
Some animals, like elephants and 'giraffe', like to come close to the cars and the standing equipment (equipment) so you can see them well.
Lions, cheetahs and leopards are sometimes hard to see in the bush, and you’ll get a good look at them if you use binoculars.
A 'safari' for walking around (people also call it a "bush walk", "hiking safari", or 'going "footing"') is a way of travelling, for some hours or for some days.
The Paralympics were scheduled to take place from August 24th to September 5th, 2021. Some events will take place in other locations in Japan.
Tokyo was chosen as the only city in Asia to host two Summer Olympics, because it hosted the Games in 1964.
If you had the time to travel and were in a place before 2020 when people started talking about time changing, you will be in a very good time now.
The police responsible for cancelling things didn’t work, but started at the end of March. Many of the police responsible for cancelling things that were coming with the coronavirus didn't succeed and went until July 2020, when they were making the Olympics happen.
They said that the price of most tickets will be between ¥2,500 and ¥130,000, and the maximum price for a single ticket will be around ¥7,000.
The heat from irons and wet cloths can help with drying. Many hotels have irons and an ironing board available for use, even if an iron isn’t kept neatly inside the room.
If one eye isn't working, or if you don't think about where the eyes are pointing, okay you can try using a 'hairdryer', if you have one.
You need to be careful not to let the fabric get too hot (it can shrink or, if it gets too hot, it will burn).
I have all sorts of ways to make war come about 'pure', some people know how to do work to decrease certain things that can cause trouble.
In some areas, boiling water for one minute is enough, but in other areas you will need to boil water for several minutes.
These filters are very effective at removing impurities, and you must consider, furthermore you must think about buying wire mesh for several bottles from a good company.
Tourists can bring various animals to harm crops and food that they don't clear away inside the places they visit.
Pests can damage food, cause skin irritation, or worsen existing conditions and cause allergic reactions, spread venom, or even transmit diseases from one person to another.
Those who carelessly destroy crops, or animals who damage gardens and harm people with their teeth, they shouldn’t be called by the name ‘pest’.
Duty-free shopping means buying things without paying taxes and 'excises' in some places.
Travellers who go to countries with high taxes sometimes can save a lot of money, they can save on products like 'alcoholic beverages' and 'tobacco'.
This stretch of road near Point Marion and Fairmont is in very poor condition for driving on the Buffalo-Pittsburgh Highway, often going into places with few lanes and long distances.
If you’re not used to driving on roads outside the city, you need to be careful: there are places where they are steep going down or coming up, there are small roads that don’t have space to turn around, and lots of corners.
The reported speeds of the tornado are decreasing in the other sections — often they are 35-40 mph (56-64 km/h) — and following safety advice is more important than spreading rumors.
We don't have any idea why mobile phone service is stronger here than in many other parts of this route, like the Pennsylvania Wilds.
Those 'German pastries' are really good, and in Bavaria, they have a good taste and variety – all kinds, like those from other countries that are nearby, like Austria.
I have lots of fruit pastries, and there are apples used to make pastries that are available all year round, and cherry and plum pastries are made during the summer.
German foods often include ‘almonds’, ‘hazelnuts’, and other ‘nuts’. Cakes, which are very popular there, go well with a strong cup of coffee.
If you like some small 'pastry' that tastes nice, try these which people call Berliner, Pfannkuchen or Krapfen in Germany.
A 'curry' is a food that uses herbs and spices, with vegetables or meat.
A curry can be “dry” or “wet” depending on how much water you use.
In the regions inside Northern India and Pakistan, they commonly use 'yogurt' in their 'curries'; in Southern India and some 'coastal' regions of those places, they commonly use coconut milk.
I have 17,000 islands to visit, and Indonesian food is a big name for all the different kinds of food you can find in all parts of Indonesia.
However, if you use this word and are wrong, that word will cause food to come to the 'central' and 'eastern' parts of Java Island.
Now it is found in all parts of the archipelago, Javanese food has many 'seasoned dishes', and the main flavors of Javanese food are peanuts, chili, sugar (this is coconut sugar from Java) and all kinds of 'aromatic spices'.
The 'stirrups' are supports for the legs of the 'rider' which are attached and come down on either side of the 'saddle'.
They can give more 'stability' to the 'rider', but they can cause problems with the safety equipment because the 'rider's' bad luck passes into them.
If a rider falls off a horse, but their leg remains caught in the stirrup, the horse can drag them when it runs away. To reduce the risk of this happening, riders must do something to prevent it.
First, many riders wear riding boots that have a heel and a smooth, long sole.
Another thing, some 'saddles', those English 'saddles', they have 'safety bars' that hold the 'stirrup leather' and let it hang down from the 'saddle' if a 'rider' falls backwards.
Cochamó Valley is the top climbing area for me in Chile, they call it the Yosemite of South America, it has all kinds of big 'granite walls' and 'crags'.
The top of the mountain has many interesting things to see. All the lines of claim on all parts of the ground work to create new road names on many worlds.
Downhill snowsports include skiing and snowboarding, these are sports played on many slopes where you slide down a hill using skis or a snowboard attached to your feet.
Skiing is an activity that skiers enjoy doing; they are often called "ski bums," and they frequently spend their holidays skiing at a particular location.
This idea of ‘skiing’ is very old – there are paintings in caves of people skiing as far back as 5000 BC!
Downhill skiing is a sport that dates back to something like the 17th century or earlier, and in 1861 Norwegians opened the first recreational ski club in Australia.
This activity is also known as 'backcountry ski', 'ski touring' or 'ski hiking'.
He's a skier, but they don't know about 'alpine style ski touring' or 'mountaineering', this newer thing is what they do in places that are steep and needs 'skis' and 'boots' that are steeper too.
Think of a 'skiing route' as being like a 'hiking route'.
With good conditioning, you will be able to climb big hills more easily if you’re skilled and it doesn’t bother you – but sometimes you will get the “cross country skiing” splits if you don’t carry a heavy backpack on those ski hills.
Europe is a small continent, but it has many independent countries. Often, when travelling to many countries, you will find yourself going through many 'visa applications' and 'passport control' procedures at once.
The Schengen area, it’s complicated, sometimes it acts like one country for it.
If you are inside that 'zone', you can be deported and you will not be able to go to the 'passport control checkpoint'.
Basically, if you have a Schengen visa, you don’t need to apply for visas for travel to other Schengen member countries, and this saves time, money and worry.
I don’t have a clear definition that everyone uses for what things are considered ‘antique’. Some agencies that deal with acquiring items say that anything over 100 years old is ‘antique’.
This topic is known in many places, in some places like North America, the number for Christmas isn't very big, but in Europe it will be big.
These 'handicrafts' are valued as 'antiques', even though they don’t have the large-scale Christmas rush like things factories produce in large quantities at one time.
The practice of herding reindeer is an important cultural activity for the Sámi people, and this practice is also important to other communities who have other forms of work within their communities.
Previously, not all Sámi people were involved in looking after large numbers of ‘reindeer’, but they were involved in finding fish, finding birds and things like that; many of them used to have ‘reindeer’ to carry loads.
Today many Sámi people are doing tourism work. The work of providing services to tourists is a very important source of income for the Sámi people, in the Sámi area.
Even though many people use it, the larger name for those people who are Romani, the word "Gypsy" is not a good word because it has been used to talk about negative things and wrong ideas about Romani people.
If the country you are going to has advice about things you need to be aware of, some benefits may apply from your 'travel health insurance' or 'trip cancellation insurance'.
So, you can get information from the government and it’s not yours yet, but the information belongs to the citizens.
For example, American citizens in the Middle East will likely stay in different places along the borders of Europe and the Arab countries.
Advisories are small pieces of information about things happening inside a country's politics.
Their ideas about this information they write are superficial, it doesn't have much information, and they make things seem as if there isn't much inside it, and if you compare it with other information elsewhere.
Bad weather is a serious issue that doesn’t clearly communicate what kind of weather is coming, causing damage, destroying people’s lives, and causing death.
Bad weather can come in many forms across this land, and it has different types – these will follow places, the environment, and the conditions of the ‘atmosphere’.
High winds, excessive rainfall, and wildfires are some things that can happen because of bad weather, as well as thunderstorms, tornadoes, waterspouts, and cyclones.
The bad weather for many regions or seasons, they call it 'blizzard', 'snowstorm', 'ice storm', and 'dust storm'.
I have important information for the travelers about understanding the weather that can come to different areas because they will make sense of the plans for the travelers.
Who else will make plans to go to a country where they know things are developing and must receive training to come back as professionals?
A search on the Internet for a 'Hostile Environment Course' may lead to the address of a local company.
A meeting will discuss the things we are talking about here and will provide more information, along with some experiences.
A course will be held from May 2nd to 5th and will include 'role play', lots of 'first aid', and some training on things related to pain management.
Books and magazines that talk about the experience of living in foreign countries are found in many places, but there aren’t many publications that talk about ‘war zones’.
People travelling to have ‘sex reassignment surgery’ in another country must have their ‘valid documents’ to use when they return.
The practice of many governments giving passports to people they don’t check properly, or giving documents in someone else’s name, and a man going as a woman or a woman going as a man – this is a big problem for many governments.
The governments of other countries are very keen to see those documents as well.
Security procedures for screening people at checkpoints became much stricter after September 11, 2001.
People are worried about changing 'gender' settings because they fear they will be identified by 'scanners' and their 'privacy' will be compromised.
Rip currents are bodies of water that break through waves and flow back out to sea, often in a concentrated channel or something similar.
Because of ‘underwater topography’, the water that returns is trapped in the depressions, and a ‘fast current’ going to that depressed area can arrive at the surface.
Many sharks come close because people ignore warnings about swimming and fight against the current, and this is dangerous for them.
When you come outside of the current, the swimming style to go back will not be able to help me do it.
When swimming, go to a place where the 'current' won't pull you back, follow the waves while you swim, and if you see a rope, think about grabbing it – those ropes can save you.
Re-entry shock can be worse than culture shock (there’s no ‘honeymoon phase’), and it can last a long time, even becoming more severe than the initial culture shock.
Those travelers who don’t know how to find their way when staying in a new classroom often find their way around easily when staying in their old classroom.
When you go to another country and come back to your home, you change your ways to follow a new culture and you lose some of your old cultural practices.
When you go to a foreign country for the very first time, you feel and try to learn things, you understand that travelers in a foreign country must change their thoughts and ways.
Many people don't realize that their way of life is important to travelers when they return home.
The pyramid sound and light show is something that children like and it is located in this area.
You can see the pyramids on the television and you can see them twice before the show starts.
Every time you hear the sound of tourists and the noise of people selling things, this story of sound and light really feels like a storybook.
The Sphinx is in the background and it looks like a man working to reveal a story.
Many stories say that they went inside the 'pyramid' and they know how to make light come from all kinds of 'pyramids'.
The South Shetland Islands were discovered in 1819, and no single country has claimed them; they have many research stations, sixteen of which were active in 2020.
This group of islands is 120 km north of the Antarctic Peninsula. The largest island is King George Island, which has people living in Villa Las Estrellas.
The others are on Livingston Island, and Deception—a ‘flooded caldera’ of an active volcano—offers a unique view of this base.
Ellsworth Land is a region located on the Antarctic Peninsula, and the Bellingshausen Sea surrounds it.
The mountains of the peninsula here are connected to the underlying ground, and following it is a clear space which forms the 360 km (chain) length of the Ellsworth Mountains, broken through by the Minnesota Glacier into two parts.
The peaks of the Sentinel Range are old mountains truly of Antarctica, Vinson Massif, and Mount Vinson which the highest point of it is 4892 m.
In places where we live, there is no 'cell phone coverage', so you can only use a 'satellite phone'.
A satellite phone can't replace a mobile phone, because you need to be outside and you have to look for a clear view of the satellite to be able to make a call.
This service is often used by ships, as well as 'pleasure craft' and 'expeditions' that need to use 'remote data' and 'remote voice'.
Your telephone service provider will be able to give you more information on how you can connect to this service.
A common thing that many young people do after finishing school—taking a 'gap-year'—involves travelling and learning something.
This person has many friends who left school to work, this is so they can take a year off before going to university, and they didn’t stop their education altogether.
Often, the process of enrolling in and going on a 'gap-year course' in another country can help your ideas move and develop into a bigger school in your own country and then go further.
Often, there will be schools available to enroll in those education programs.
Finland is a very good country for sailing. This "'Land of a Thousand Lakes'" has many thousands of islands within the lakes and the seas.
For small islands and atolls, you won't need a yacht.
Small islands in the sea and the biggest roundabout – a yacht or small boat or kayak – can give others the opportunity to enjoy themselves.
Boating, or the activity of travelling by boat, is something that all the people in Finland like to do. They have many boats, and one boat can hold 7 or 8 people.
This person has travelled to Norway, Sweden and New Zealand, but has also visited smaller places (for example, the Netherlands, with a number of 40).
Many Baltic Cruises allow passengers to stay for a long time in St. Petersburg, Russia.
This place is small, like you can see the city that has its history in a few days, then you come back at night and sleep on a ship.
If you go ashore from a warship with a 'shipboard excursion' you will not need another visa (this started in 2009).
Some of the 'cruise' companies advertise that they take passengers to Berlin, Germany in their brochures. As you can see on the map, Berlin is not close to the sea and a visit to the city is not included in the price of the 'cruise'.
The feeling of flying in a balloon can be a wonderful experience that makes people feel a kind of Christmas joy and come to beautiful places, especially if they haven’t flown before or have been stuck inside something bad that happened in a balloon before.
It’s not something to share with others: it’s not something people like to show off, and it’s not something many people like to eat.
For some people, the practice of clearing things out – like how a broom works and what things happen when a broom is used – can help them reduce the problems that come with things they don’t understand or things they feel they have no control over.
These 'courier' companies are good at quickly bringing things. Often, it’s important to do this with business documents, 'merchandise' or 'spare parts' for quick repairs.
On one route, the big companies have their own buses, but on other routes and for small businesses, there has been a problem.
If they ship something in a container, along certain 'routes' they will incur many fees to get it inside for 'unloading' and 'customs'.
Someone just wants to send something fragile, and they want you to send it like 'checked luggage'. Airline staff won’t accept it for return trips without a permit, and this is where you will help.
If you want to fly business or first class, it costs a lot of money to get this special service (or, even better, let your company pay for it for you).
However, it doesn’t always come cheap: often, you can pay four times more for a business class ticket than an economy class fare, and you could pay up to eleven times more for a first class ticket.
I don't have the ability to ask for discount prices for business class or first class on direct flights, when travelling from one place to another.
The balloon companies all know very well that they have a group that goes around to balloons who are eager to buy large amounts of money to go and quickly get good service inside the balloons, and so they can manipulate this kind of price.
The capital of Moldova is Chișinău. The local language of this place is Romanian, but they also use Russian in many places.
Moldova is a 'republic' that has various airlines which have experienced bad times crossing and arriving with damage to the airlines.
In 1994, this conflict and war led to the creation of a country called the Transnistria Republic in 'eastern' Moldova, which has its own government and currency, but it is not recognised as a UN member state.
Despite the poor political dialogue, they are strengthening economic ties between these two parts of Moldova.
The main religion in Moldova is Orthodox Christian.
Izmir is the third largest city in Turkey with a population of around 3.7 million, the second largest port after Istanbul, and a major transportation hub.
Previously, it was a city called Smyrna, but now it has become a modern city, it is fully developed, and a lot of business activity happens there; it operates on a foundation and mountains surround it.
The large ruins, the buildings with glass fronts, and the two-story structures with their traditional ‘red-tiled roofs’, the old ‘mosques’ and churches – all this makes the city resemble one from Mediterranean Europe, and not Turkey of the past.
This small place, Haldarsvík, is where you can stay and look across to the island of Eysturoy which is close by, and it has a different kind of shore where the shape of it is like an 'octagon'.
On the shore of this sea, there are other types of statues of fish that people made from 'marble' and are placed on top of some stones.
You shouldn't waste your time wandering around there because it will lead you to this small place with all sorts of other things.
It's a beautiful place to visit, and they call it Sintra, which has a lot of history and is very famous, and many people from other countries know about it, and at one time Lord Byron wrote poems about the small things that were there.
Scotturb Bus 403 always runs when it goes to Sintra, and stops at Cabo da Roca.
And two hours after you can go to the Sanctuary of Our Lady of Fatima (Shrine), a place where everyone knows it well because of the stories about Mary, the mother of Jesus, that happened there.
Please imagine you will see a large map where they have drawn many lines on it, that place has large-scale mining with many people on that land.
There were many people who were alive when those who lived at that time died, and many more generations who had their own generations that they loved who died or went to work and died in the middle of things, the Jews and other people not with the Jews.
Please show great respect for this place. Do not make light comments about the Holocaust or Nazis.
Don't damage this place when you put things—or scratch 'graffiti'—inside or onto things.
The official languages of Barcelona are Catalan and Spanish. Close to half of the people there speak Catalan, a larger number speak it, and almost everyone speaks Spanish.
However, many of the saints spoke Catalan because they said it was the most important language of this region.
However, they only use Spanish place names on public transport and in other places.
The information inside Metro is only made in the Catalan language, but things that they don’t fully manage to do, a single ‘automatic’ system can translate that information into various languages like Spanish, English, French, Arabic and Japanese.
People in Paris have a reputation for bad behavior, like not being respectful of others, not acting well, and thinking they are more important than others.
Even though this is a stereotype and not true, the best thing about being in Paris is seeing people with good manners, like a man or woman who is “well-bred” (their parents raised them well). It will make me happy to return to Paris.
The feelings of other people in Paris will really change for the better if you show some good behavior.
Plitvice Lakes National Park has many large trees, many of those trees are 'beech', 'spruce', and 'fir' trees, and it has a mix of Alpine and Mediterranean plants.
It has various types of plants, because of the different 'microclimates' within it, and the different grounds and ground levels found there.
This area is the home of all kinds of animals and fish.
Animals that are not commonly found like 'European brown bear', 'wolf', 'owl', 'lynx', 'wild cat', and 'capercaillie' are found in forests, together with other animals that are commonly found there.
When you go to see the 'monasteries', the women must cover their skirts to the knees and also, they must cover the shoulders of the soldiers with them.
Many of the 'monasteries' used to give skirts to women who weren’t prepared and came, but if you bring your own skirt, it’s even better to bring one that is brightly colored, you will receive a smile from a 'monk' or a 'nun' at the door to go inside.
When you kneel, older men must roll up their trousers to the knee.
These shoes, they borrowed from the trousers that are inside, but this clothing, they don't know how to wash after a woman wore them like you won't be able to see well when wearing those skirts. For men, one size can fit everyone!
Majorcan cuisine, like other areas within the Mediterranean, uses bread, garden vegetables and meat (often pork), and uses 'olive oil' in everything.
A popular bird food that many people like, they like to make it in summertime, it is Bruschetta: Bread with 'olive oil', tomato, and something to give it flavour like 'cheese', tuna fish and things like that.
All 'nouns' that are used with this word you have, they always start with a capital letter, even if it is inside the name of a sentence (sentence).
This statement is important for understanding how things work and what verbs do to objects.
And so, it’s able to make the act of writing more detailed, even though the act of writing is quite short when you look for a single 'verb' or 'adjective' that they use inside the 'noun-form' of it.
Pronunciation comes from the Italian language because many of the words are pronounced how they are written.
The sounds of the letters 'c' and 'g' are large, because their pronunciation often changes depending on the vowel that follows them.
So, you must pronounce them like you say 'r' and 'rr' in Spanish: 'caro' is pronounced like that, and 'carro' is pronounced like 'chariot'.
The way someone speaks shows their place of origin, and their grammar follows suit.
So, when you read this 'grammar primer' it will help you with the grammar of the Persian language and you will be able to understand conversations well.
It's clear that if you know a Romance language, it will be easier for you to learn Portuguese.
However, many people who know a little Spanish might think Portuguese is very similar to Spanish and don't feel the need to study it.
The old observatories are no longer used today, and now they stand as museums, or places of education.
Light pollution wasn't a problem back in the day; people lived in villages or towns and schools, and it was easy to see the stars – unlike the bright lights built today.
Many research telescopes are large facilities that are located in remote places with good atmospheric conditions.
The custom of viewing 'cherry blossoms', which they call hanami, originated with the Japanese aristocracy in the '8th century' and came about.
This custom comes from China where people admire the 'plum blossoms'.
In Japan, the emperor traditionally holds parties for the best ‘cherry blossom’ viewing and for members of the ‘aristocracy’ at the Imperial Court.
Plants are able to recognize and truly sense their environment, and cannot thrive by being removed as a "single one" and treated like a ‘specimen’.
If you go to a garden where they are improving things for the larvae to come and look, the practice of collecting those "specimens" will happen and they will chase you away, and they won’t talk much.
Singapore is very safe and easy to get around, and you can buy all sorts of things when you come here.
However, because it is located in the “high tropics”, a few ‘degrees’ from the ‘equator’, you will need to stay inside when it's hot (all the time) and the sun is strong (when the sun is clear, it doesn’t often come out).
And then, there are some buses that go to a place not far from Hebron, this is the place where they buried the fathers of faith in the Bible – Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, and their wives.
If the buses you are thinking of taking will go inside Hebron and won’t go close to the Jewish settlement in Kiryat Arba.
The children who are inside are good things to have a holiday with.
For example, when you go to see the castles inside the Loire Valley, Rhine valley or take a ‘cruise’ to the beautiful cities along the Danube or ‘boating’ along the Erie Canal.
And so, people often use those ‘routes’ where many lines [paths/roads] are used for walking or ‘cycling’ along them.
Christmas is one of the most important holidays of Christianity, and people celebrate this day as the birthday of Jesus.
Many of the customs that people practice during this holiday are from people who are not Christian and countries that are not Christian countries, and they follow all the traditions of the earth.
We have a tradition of not going out on Easter night but staying in a quiet place to watch the sunrise.
There are Christians who talk about this tradition, but it looks like a tradition from Spring and Fertility rituals before Christianity.
The choirs who used to follow traditional church practices were able to hold an Easter Vigil at Sarere on Easter weekend, and there were many churchgoers who came and celebrated extensively as morning arrived and the remembrance of Christ’s suffering and death came about.
All the animals that came from overseas came here by swimming, flying, or traveling on ships.
Because of the great distances on the continent, mammals were unable to travel easily, and this made the giant tortoise become the primary animal for eating grass inside the Galapagos.
When people arrived in the Galapagos, many 'mammals' they brought with them were pigs, horses, cows, rats, cats and dogs.
If you go and look at the Arctic or Antarctic regions during winter, you will see ‘polar night’, which means the sun is unable to rise above the horizon.
This is a good place to watch the Aurora borealis, when the sky will be dark and all the clouds are far away in kilometers.
Because those areas don't have many people, 'light pollution' often isn't a problem, you can see the stars clearly.
Japanese work culture has its own characteristics and is more formal than what Westerners are used to.
The suits, they often start businesses together, and they usually hire another person using the family name or their work title.
A good meeting inside the workplace is a big thing, and they like teamwork and don’t complain about something a worker has done.
Workers must receive clear communication from other parties involved before making a decision, and they must listen to the strict instructions of those they work under and not ask questions.
